
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239399977

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Amazon.com Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. AMAZON ALERT: Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is Investigating Amazon.com, Inc. on Behalf of Amazon Options Traders and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm

2. U.S. COURT OF APPEALS ISSUES OPINION ON EOLAS TECHNOLOGIES V/S AMAZON AND ANOTHER CASE

3. Live news: Shell profits plunge as oil and gas prices drop

4. Seoul shares open lower ahead of Fed rate decision, earnings

5. Seoul shares extend gains late Mon. morning on rate cut hopes

6. Seoul shares open higher on rate cut hopes

7. Seoul shares sharply down late Tue. morning ahead of Fed meeting

8. Live news: Meta , Amazon surge by $279 billion after cuts boost profit

9. Prime Day drives U.S. sales up 11%

10. Seoul shares extend gains late Wed. morning amid rate cut hopes








AMAZON ALERT: Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is Investigating Amazon.com, Inc. on Behalf of Amazon Options Traders and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm
Legal Monitor Worldwide
February 1, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Legal Monitor Worldwide Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 285 words
Body


(GlobeNewswire) - Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C., a nationally recognized stockholder rights law firm, is investigating potential claims against Amazon.com, Inc. (Amazon or the Company) (NASDAQ: AMZN) on behalf of purchasers of Amazon securities who lost money in late 2021 and early 2022, including purchasers of publicly traded call options who lost money and sellers/writers of publicly traded puts who lost money.
Click here to participate in the action.
Our investigation concerns whether Amazon has violated the federal securities laws and/or engaged in other unlawful business practices.
If you purchased or otherwise acquired Amazon options and suffered a loss, are a long-term option holder, have information, would like to learn more about these claims, or have any questions concerning this announcement or your rights or interests with respect to these matters, please contact Brandon Walker, Marion Passmore, or Badge Humphries by email at investigations@bespc.com , by telephone at (212) 355-4648, or by filling out this contact form. There is no cost or obligation to you.
About Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C.:
Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is a nationally recognized law firm with offices in New York, California, and South Carolina. The firm represents individual and institutional investors in commercial, securities, derivative, and other complex litigation in state and federal courts across the country. For more information about the firm, please visit www.bespc.com . Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.
Contact Information:
Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C.
Brandon Walker, Esq.
Marion Passmore, Esq.
Badge Humphries, Esq.
(212) 355-4648
investigations@bespc.com 
www.bespc.com 

Load-Date: February 1, 2024


End of Document






U.S. COURT OF APPEALS ISSUES OPINION ON EOLAS TECHNOLOGIES V/S AMAZON AND ANOTHER CASE
Indian eGov Newswire
February 5, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 HT Media Ltd. Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 248 words
Body


WASHINGTON, Feb. 5 -- The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issued the following opinion Feb. 1:
JOHN BRUCE CAMPBELL, McKool Smith, P.C., Austin, TX, argued for plaintiff-appellant. Also represented by JOSHUA WRIGHT BUDWIN, JAMES ELROY QUIGLEY, JOEL LANCE THOLLANDER.
CHARLES KRAMER VERHOEVEN, Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, LLP, San Francisco, CA, for defendantappellee Google LLC. Also represented by JOCELYNE MA, DAVID ANDREW PERLSON; DEEPA ACHARYA, Washington, DC.
GABRIEL K. BELL, Latham & Watkins LLP, Washington, DC, argued for all defendants-appellees. Defendantappellee Amazon.com, Inc. also represented by RICHARD GREGORY FRENKEL, DOUGLAS ETHAN LUMISH, Menlo Park, CA; JOSEPH HYUK LEE, Costa Mesa, CA; AMIT MAKKER, San Francisco, CA; JEFFREY H. DEAN, Amazon.com, Inc., Seattle, WA.
MARK CHRISTOPHER FLEMING, Wilmer Cutler Pickering Hale and Dorr LLP, Boston, MA, for defendant-appellee Walmart, Inc.
Eolas Technologies Inc. appeals from the United States District Court for the Northern District of California's summary judgment holding the asserted claims of Eolas's U.S. Patent No. 9,195,507 invalid for claiming ineligible subject matter. Because we agree with the district court's conclusion, we affirm.
*Rest of the document and Foortnotes can be viewed at: (https://cafc.uscourts.gov/opinions-orders/22-1932.OPINION.2-1-2024_2263478.pdf) For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com 

Load-Date: February 5, 2024


End of Document






Live news: Shell profits plunge as oil and gas prices drop
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
February 1, 2024 Thursday
Web Edition


Copyright 2024 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: NEWS
Length: 556 words
Byline: Financial Post Staff, Financial Post Staff
Body


Today's headlines
Fed holds interest rates steady, says cuts not imminent( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/fed-holds-interest-rate-steady )
Little relief in sight for rental market as vacancy rate hits historic low( https://financialpost.com/real-estate/little-relief-rental-vacancy-rate-historic-low )
Take GDP surprise with 'grain of salt': What latest numbers mean to the Bank of Canada( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/economy-picks-up-speed-what-that-means-to-bank-of-canada )
7:30 a.m. Shell profits tumble by almost a third
Oil giant Shell( https://financialpost.com/tag/shell/ ) saw profits tumble by nearly a third in 2023 as a result of lower oil and natural gas prices, which had surged the year before in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
London-based Shell said today its post-tax earnings fell 29 per cent, to US$28.3 billion from the previous year's all-time high of US$40 billion.
The main reason behind the decline was the fall in energy prices, with oil trading at an average of US$82 a barrel against US$100 the year before.
Shell CEO Wael Sawan said the company had "made good progress" over the year and that it would focus on "more value with less emissions."
- The Associated Press
Stock markets before the opening bell
Financial Post
Stocks looks set for a slight bounce after the steepest slump in four months Wednesday.
Futures are up as investors reset expectations on the timing of Federal Reserve( https://financialpost.com/tag/federal-reserve/ ) interest-rate cuts and assessed a deluge of earnings.
Chair Jerome Powell said after Wednesday's decision he doesn't think it's likely the Fed will cut in March. In a sign that officials are not in a hurry to lower rates, the central bank also said it "does not expect it will be appropriate to reduce the target range until it has gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward 2 per cent."
United States megacap earnings are back in focus, with Apple Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Meta Platforms Inc. all due to release results.
- Bloomberg
What to watch today
The Bank of England( https://financialpost.com/tag/bank-of-england/ ) is expected to hold its interest rate at 5.25 per cent today, but observers will be watching for hints on its next move.
Some big names are reporting their results today. Investors will be closely watching what tech giants Apple Inc( https://financialpost.com/tag/apple-inc/ ), Amazon.com Inc( https://financialpost.com/tag/amazon-com-inc/ ) and Meta Platforms Inc( https://financialpost.com/tag/meta-platforms-inc ) have to say after the bell. Rogers Communications Inc( https://financialpost.com/tag/rogers-communications-inc/ ) and Canada Goose Holdings Inc( https://financialpost.com/tag/canada-goose-holdings-inc/ ) are on deck for Canada.
Canada's economy grows more than expected( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/canada-economy-beats-forecasts-easing-pressure-bank-of-canada )
Why Quebec is trying to close the wealth gap( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/why-quebec-close-decades-long-wealth-gap-ontario )
Need a refresher on yesterday's top headlines? Get caught up here.( https://financialpost.com/news/live-news-top-business-stories-january-31-2024 )
Additional reporting by The Canadian Press, Associated Press and Bloomberg !@COPYRIGHT=© 2024 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

Load-Date: February 1, 2024


End of Document






Seoul shares open lower ahead of Fed rate decision, earnings
 
ASEAN Tribune
July 30, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 214 words
Body


 30 Jul 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) Seoul shares opened lower Tuesday, following a mixed close on Wall Street, as investors await the Federal Reserve's rate decision and earnings from major tech firms.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) fell 19.99 points, or 0.72 percent, to 2,745.54 in the first 15 minutes of trading.
Overnight, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.1 percent to 40,539.93 points, but the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose 0.07 percent to 17,370.20.
This week, all eyes are on the Fed's policy decision and earnings results of big tech firms, such as Apple Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co.
The U.S. central bank is widely expected to cut rates within months.
In Seoul, most large-cap stocks declined.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics Co. fell 0.9 percent, No. 2 chipmaker SK hynix Inc. declined 2.7 percent, top carmaker Hyundai Motor Co. shed 0.6 percent, and leading auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co. was down 0.9 percent.
Among gainers, leading shipping firm HMM rose 1.1 percent, leading battery maker LG Energy Solution Ltd. climbed 0.8 percent, and leading refiner SK Innovation Co. was up 1 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,384.40 won against the U.S. dollar, down 2.5 won from the previous session's close.

Load-Date: July 31, 2024


End of Document






Seoul shares extend gains late Mon. morning on rate cut hopes
 
ASEAN Tribune
July 29, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 206 words
Body


 29 Jul 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) Seoul shares extended gains late Monday morning on hopes for a rate cut by the U.S. Federal Reserve and robust earnings from major tech firms this week.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) added 34.33 points, or 1.26 percent, to 2,766.23 as of 11:20 a.m.
All eyes are on the U.S. central bank's future policy decision and earnings results by Apple Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Samsung Electronics Co. The Fed is expected to cut rates as early as in September.
Institutions and foreigners bought a combined 293 billion won (US$212 million) worth of stocks, offsetting individuals' stock selling valued at 252 billion won.
In Seoul, tech and auto stocks led gains.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics Co. rose 0.6 percent, No. 2 chipmaker SK hynix Inc. climbed 1.3 percent, top carmaker Hyundai Motor Co. jumped 4.7 percent, and leading auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co. was up 1.8 percent.
Among decliners, Hanjin KAL Corp., the parent firm of Korean Air Co., fell 0.2 percent, shipbuilder Hanwha Ocean Co. declined 3.2 percent, and battery maker Samsung SDI Co. was down 0.7 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,380.95 won against the U.S. dollar, up 4.85 won from the previous session.

Load-Date: July 30, 2024


End of Document






Seoul shares open higher on rate cut hopes
 
ASEAN Tribune
July 31, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 219 words
Body


 31 Jul 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) Seoul shares opened higher Wednesday, following a mixed close on Wall Street, as investors expect the Federal Reserve may begin a rate cutting cycle later this year.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) added 5.20 points, or 0.19 percent, to 2,743.39 in the first 15 minutes of trading.
Overnight, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 percent to 40,743.33 points, but the tech-heavy Nasdaq fell 1.3 percent to 17,147.42.
This week, all eyes are on the Fed's policy decision on Wednesday (U.S. time) and earnings results of big tech firms, such as Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc.
With signs of cooling inflation, the U.S. central bank is widely expected to cut rates as early as in September.
In Seoul, auto and tech stocks led gains.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics Co. rose 1.2 percent, top carmaker Hyundai Motor Co. climbed 0.6 percent, leading auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co. gained 0.2 percent and cosmetics firm Amorepacific Corp. was up 4.4 percent.
Among decliners, leading battery maker LG Energy Solution Ltd. fell 1.4 percent, steelmaker POSCO Holdings lost 1.7 percent and national flag carrier Korean Air Co. shed 0.2 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,384.05 won against the U.S. dollar, up 1.25 won from the previous session's close.

Load-Date: August 1, 2024


End of Document






Seoul shares sharply down late Tue. morning ahead of Fed meeting
 
ASEAN Tribune
July 30, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 235 words
Body


 30 Jul 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) Seoul shares extended losses late Tuesday morning as investors await the U.S. Federal Reserve's rate decision and earnings from major tech firms this week.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) fell 28.92 points, or 1.05 percent, to 2,736.61 as of 11:20 a.m.
Overnight, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.1 percent to 40,539.93 points, but the tech-heavy Nasdaq rose 0.07 percent to 17,370.20.
Institutions and foreigners sold a combined 574.79 billion won (US$415 million) worth of stocks, offsetting individuals' stock buying valued at 562.97 billion won.
This week, all eyes are on the Fed's policy decision and earnings results of big tech firms, such as Apple Inc., Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Samsung Electronics Co.
The U.S. central bank is widely expected to cut rates within months.
In Seoul, most large-cap stocks declined.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics Co. fell 1.5 percent, No. 2 chipmaker SK hynix Inc. declined 4.1 percent, top carmaker Hyundai Motor Co. shed 0.6 percent, and leading auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co. was down 2 percent.
Among gainers, leading shipping firm HMM rose 2.6 percent, leading battery maker LG Energy Solution Ltd. climbed 2.4 percent, and leading refiner SK Innovation Co. was up 0.2 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,385.45 won against the U.S. dollar, down 3.55 won from the previous session.

Load-Date: July 31, 2024


End of Document






Live news: Meta, Amazon surge by $279 billion after cuts boost profit
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
February 2, 2024 Friday
Web Edition


Copyright 2024 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: NEWS
Length: 733 words
Byline: Financial Post Staff, Financial Post Staff
Body


Today's headlines
Indigo receives privatization offer from Gerald Schwartz( https://financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/indigo-take-private-offer-schwartz-owned-companies )
Brookfield names Ranjan CEO of $140 billion private equity arm( https://financialpost.com/pmn/business-pmn/brookfield-names-ranjan-ceo-of-140-billion-private-equity-arm )
Bank of Canada governor says interest rates not to blame for housing crisis( https://financialpost.com/news/bank-of-canada-says-interest-rates-not-to-blame-for-housing-crisis )
Top story Meta, Amazon shares surge by $279 billion after cutbacks boost profit
Cutbacks at Meta Platforms Inc.( https://financialpost.com/tag/meta-platforms-inc/ ) and Amazon.com Inc.( https://financialpost.com/tag/amazon-com-inc ) paid off in a big way, with both companies reporting better-than-expected earnings that sent stock prices soaring by a combined US$279 billion in premarket trading.
Earnings got a boost from tens of thousands of job cuts since 2022 and strong sales that beat analysts' estimates during the holiday season. Meta, which reduced headcount by 22 per cent in 2023, unveiled plans for a US$50-billion stock buyback, and announced its first quarterly dividend on Feb. 1, a sign to investors that it has money to spare and a reason for them to stick around.
Amazon posted its best online sales growth since early in the pandemic, helped by quicker shipping times. The company - which initiated its biggest-ever round of corporate job cuts beginning in 2022 that affected about 35,000 people last year - has said more positions will be eliminated in its Prime Video, studios and Twitch livestreaming businesses.
"This new found cost discipline is paying off for investors as these companies were able to prune less productive businesses while still being able to invest some of those savings in the faster growing parts of their business," said Gil Luria, managing director at D.A. Davidson &; Co. "At the same time, these companies have been able to accelerate revenue growth, thus significantly increasing margins."
The results sent Meta's shares up as much as 17 per cent in premarket trading before New York exchanges opened. Amazon's stock rose as much as seven per cent.
Bloomberg
Read the full story here.( https://financialpost.com/investing/meta-amazon-shares-surge-279-billion-cuts-boost-profit )
7:30 a.m. Stock markets before the opening bell
Financial Post
Stock futures are climbing this morning after robust earnings from tech giants last night. Meta Platforms Inc. soared 17 per cent in premarket trading and Amazon.com Inc. rallied 7.1 per cent after the tech behemoths smashed quarterly profit expectations.
Apple Inc. slipped after its earnings showed weakness in China.
Later this morning, investors will be watching the monthly United States jobs report for confirmation of further cooling in the labour market that might encourage policy easing by the U.S. Federal Reserve.
"Any move closer to four per cent could see markets changing bets on when Fed cuts could begin," economists at Rand Merchant Bank in Johannesburg said in a note to clients.
Investors will continue to closely track developments around U.S. regional banks, as an index for the sector heads for its worst week since the fallout from the banking crisis last May. New York Community Bancorp has plunged 45 per cent since shocking investors Wednesday by reducing its dividend, posting a quarterly loss and ramping up loan-loss provisions for exposure to commercial real estate.
Canada's TSX closed up almost 100 points yesterday, despite weakness in energy stocks.
- Bloomberg and The Canadian Press
What to watch today
Americans get an update on their job market today. Economists forecast U.S. employers added 185,000 jobs in January.
More earnings from oil majors are out today, with Imperial Oil Ltd., Exxon Mobil Corp. and Chevron Corp. all on deck.
Need a refresher on yesterday's top headlines? Get caught up here.( https://financialpost.com/news/live-news-top-business-stories-february-01-2024 )
Additional reporting by The Canadian Press, Associated Press and Bloomberg
Bookmark our website and support our journalism: Don't miss the business news you need to know - add financialpost.com( https://financialpost.com/ ) to your bookmarks and sign up for our newsletters here( https://financialpost.com/newsletters/ ). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2024 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

Load-Date: February 2, 2024


End of Document






Prime Day drives U.S. sales up 11%
Niagara Falls Review (Ontario)
July 19, 2024 Friday
First Edition


Copyright 2024 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: BUSINESS - COMMON PAGE; Pg. B6
Length: 241 words
Byline: Bloomberg
Body


 U.S. shoppers spent $14.2 billion (U.S.) online during Amazon.com Inc.'s 48-hour Prime Day sale, up 11 per cent from a year ago and in line with estimates, according to Adobe Inc. Consumers took advantage of steep discounts to update their electronics, apparel and small home appliances, according to Adobe, which tracks online spending across all U.S. retailers during Amazon's annual summer sale. 
"It's clear now that the Prime Day event has been a catalyst across these major categories, with discounts deep enough for consumers to hit the buy button and upgrade items in their homes," Adobe analyst Vivek Pandya said. 
Adobe measures total online spending during the Prime Day period because rival retailers offer their own deals, prompting shoppers to comparison shop multiple sites. Amazon said its marquee sale set another record for the number of items sold but didn't provide specific sales data.
The average household spent about $152 on Amazon on Prime Day, down slightly from last year, according to Numerator, a market research firm that tracked spending from 35,588 households. 
Top-selling products included protein shakes, Amazon's Fire TV Stick streaming device and Glad brand trash bags, according to Numerator.
Amazon launched Prime Day in 2015 to attract new subscribers, who pay $139 a year for shipping discounts, video streaming and other benefits. About 180 million Amazon shoppers in the U.S. had Prime memberships as of March. 

Load-Date: July 19, 2024


End of Document






Seoul shares extend gains late Wed. morning amid rate cut hopes
 
ASEAN Tribune
July 31, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 255 words
Body


 31 Jul 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) Seoul shares slightly extended gains late Wednesday morning as investors await the U.S. Federal Reserve's policy decision amid expectations that a rate cutting cycle may begin in the near future.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) rose 5.73 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,743.92 as of 11:20 a.m.
Overnight, U.S. stocks closed mixed. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 percent to 40,743.33 points, but the tech-heavy Nasdaq fell 1.3 percent to 17,147.42.
The focus now shifts to the Fed's policy decision on Wednesday (U.S. time) and earnings results of big tech firms, such as Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., this week.
With signs of cooling inflation, the U.S. central bank is widely expected to cut rates as early as in September.
Institutions and individuals bought a combined 97.82 billion won (US$71 million) worth of stocks as of 11:20 a.m., offsetting foreigners' stock selling valued at 91.85 billion won.
In Seoul, large-cap stocks were mixed across the board.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics Co. rose 0.7 percent, cosmetics firm Amorepacific Corp. jumped 3.6 percent, leading refiner SK Innovation Co. gained 0.2 percent and discount store chain Emart Inc. was up 3 percent.
Among decliners, No. 2 chipmaker SK hynix Inc. fell 0.6 percent, battery maker Samsung SDI Co. declined 3.9 percent and leading auto parts maker Hyundai Mobis Co. shed 0.2 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,380.55 won against the U.S. dollar, up 4.75 won from the previous session.

Load-Date: August 1, 2024


End of Document
