
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239401330

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Boeing Co and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. USA : Boeing Co is losing $1 billion a month due to planes waiting for spare parts - statistics

2. USA : Hasty hiring of inexperienced personnel affected the safety of Boeing Co aircraft

3. Boeing CEO says Alaska Airlines fallout 'is and must be the focus our team'

4. Korean Air to introduce Boeing 787-10 passenger jet in Incheon- Narita route

5. Boeing begins B777-9 flight test with FAA personnel onboard

6. Boeing sales tumble as the company gets no orders for the 737 Max for the second straight month

7. Boeing sales tumble amid 737 woes

8. Airbus expects China, India to drive jet sales

9. Industry ministry, Boeing discuss closer technology cooperation

10. Kuehn Law Encourages AGRX, SPR, HCP, and ALLG Investors to Contact Law Firm








USA: Boeing Co is losing $1 billion a month due to planes waiting for spare parts - statistics
Machine-Building: Ukraine and the world
July 23, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Business World Agency All Rights Reserved


Length: 300 words
Body


Boeing is losing more than $1 billion in cash each month as dozens of new planes sit outside its factories, needing parts.
Parts shortages and other problems have left about 200 completed Boeing planes stranded on airfields, outside factories and even in employee parking lots, the Wall Street Journal reports.
Some planes need interior parts, others need engines, the report says. While others are already ready and awaiting delivery to China.
According to the publication, the delay in the delivery of parts is due to shortages in the supply chain, which have persisted since the pandemic. For example, chair suppliers were unable to meet demand due to material shortages. There were also fewer parts supplied than usual for air conditioning systems.
Due to the fact that 200 planes do not take off, the manufacturer is losing about $1 billion a month.
"The question becomes: When are they going to deliver them?" Ron Epstein, an aerospace analyst at Bank of America, told the WSJ. "They can only sit around for so long before they have to do anything with them."
Boeing's plane production has slowed since safety concerns prompted a series of federal investigations. In fact, this slowdown may help Boeing because it results in fewer planes being produced than usual and fewer planes waiting for finished parts.
In total, the company delivered about 90 fewer aircraft this year than last year.
Boeing officials said they are working to remove the parked planes and complete their construction. The company also noted that the reservation of aircraft did not lead to a slowdown in production due to a lack of space.
"As we have retired hundreds of 737s and dozens of 787s in recent years, we have reduced the number of parking spaces required at several sites," Boeing officials told the publication. (aex.ru)

Load-Date: October 24, 2024


End of Document






USA: Hasty hiring of inexperienced personnel affected the safety of Boeing Co aircraft
Machine-Building: Ukraine and the world
June 12, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Business World Agency All Rights Reserved


Length: 584 words
Body


The departure of a significant number of experienced workers and the hasty hiring of new personnel without experience was one of the key factors in the decline in the quality and safety of Boeing aircraft, according to the Wall Street Journal. Prime writes about this.
"The result (of the company's policies) was factories filled with new workers, many of whom were younger than their predecessors and had no experience in assembling aircraft. There were no longer many experienced workers who knew what to do with faulty parts and equipment and how to mentor new colleagues ... That atmosphere, Boeing executives say, contributed to the quality problems the company has faced since what may have led to the crash in January.
According to the publication, Boeing's workforce has undergone dramatic changes during the Covid-19 pandemic, when the company was forced to lay off some workers and many senior employees retired. With the end of the pandemic, the company was faced with a sharp jump in demand for civil flights, which forced it to hastily “replenish its ranks” with new personnel.
According to former foundry worker Daniel Horine, who got a job at Boeing in August 2023, he and “hundreds” of other workers had just three months to learn how to assemble the plane. Horine noted that his class also included a cybersecurity expert and a training specialist for the Starbucks coffee chain.
“Nothing prepared me for where I ended up. This is not a car carrying one or two people. If we make a mistake, we could potentially ruin an entire plane,” Khorain told the publication.
According to Elizabeth Lund, director of quality for Boeing's commercial aircraft division, the company suspended new hires after conducting an internal survey of workers who identified the inexperience of newcomers as the main problem in production. The publication notes that the survey was conducted against the background of a number of incidents with faulty company aircraft.
In January of this year, part of the fuselage of a Boeing 737 Max came off during a flight. Recently, other problems with the company's aircraft have been frequently reported. Polish leader Andrzej Duda had to use a spare car after a malfunction was discovered on the presidential 737 upon his return from the United States. Also, earlier, an airliner from this manufacturer was forced to land at Los Angeles Airport.
Secretary of State Antony Blinken switched from a Boeing to a car in early April to travel from France to Belgium because the aircraft was experiencing technical problems. This is not the first trouble with Blinken’s plane: in January, upon departure from Davos, an oxygen leak was discovered in the state-owned Boeing 737, where Blinken and his escort had already boarded. The failure proved impossible to repair, and the plane was declared unsafe for flight.
In May, John Barnett and Joshua Dean, who were among the first whistleblowers to come forward in the company scandal, died suddenly, shortly after publicly criticizing Boeing. According to the official report, Barnett committed suicide on May 12 due to mental problems, and Dean died from a sudden illness on May 2.
Later, the Independent, citing lawyer Brian Knowles, reported that his law firm, which works with former Boeing employees who spoke out against the company's manufacturing negligence, counted about 50 informants who contacted it and are ready to make statements, despite the death of two who spoke about the corporation's problems. former employees. (aex.ru)

Load-Date: October 24, 2024


End of Document






Boeing CEO says Alaska Airlines fallout 'is and must be the focus our team'
MINT
January 8, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 512 words
Dateline: New Delhi 
Body


New Delhi, Jan. 8 -- Boeing CEO Dave Calhoun shared a message with his employees about the Alaska Airlines flight 1282 in which company's aircraft 737 MAX 9 suffered a door plug blowout mid-air on Friday.
The Boeing CEO said, "When serious accidents like this occur, it is critical for us to work transparently with our customers and regulators to understand and address the causes of the event, and to ensure they don't happen again".
The company plans to hold a company-wide webcast on safety on Tuesday to address its response to the mishap.
Boeing 737 Max 9 aircraft sees window blowout on Alaska Airlines. Top 10 Updates
Alaska Airlines on Saturday said it will ground its entire fleet of Boeing Co. 737 Max-9 aircraft temporarily.
The airline is taking the "precautionary step" to temporarily ground the fleet of 65 planes until completion of full maintenance and inspection, Alaska Airlines Chief Executive Officer Ben Minicucci said.
DGCA orders inspection of emergency exits on all Boeing 737-8 Max aircraft
On Saturday, Boeing Co. 737 Max-9 aircraft's fuselage section in the rear part blew out shortly after takeoff. Flight 1282 was carrying 171 passengers and six crew from Portland, Oregon, to Ontario, California. Nobody was injured in the incident.
Alaska Airlines grounds Boeing 737-9 aircraft after midair window blowout
Following the incident, Alaska Airlines returned 18 of its 65 737 Max 9 aircraft to service.
Besides, the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) also asked airlines to temporarily ground certain 737 MAX 9 airplanes until inspections are performed, affecting 171 airplanes.
"We have grounded the affected airplanes, and they will remain grounded until the FAA is satisfied that they are safe," the FAA said.
About 215 737 MAX 9 jets are in service worldwide, according to aviation analytics firm Cirium. Only about 171 feature the plug door that was blown out during the flight.
Akasa Air set to finalise order for 150 Boeing jets: Report
In just months, Boeing Co. has suffered a series of quality lapses that threaten to erode trust in the manufacturing prowess of the biggest US exporter.
The NTSB, which arrived on the scene in Portland within hours of the incident, will examine Boeing's manufacturing process for the 737 Max 9 as it investigates what may have led to the panel's blowout.
Investigators will likely look into how the doors are plugged and even question why they exist if they can come open, Bloomberg news agency reported.
The cascading grounding marks the most severe response since Boeing's entire fleet of Max aircraft was parked in 2019 following two deadly crashes. The 737 Max is by far the company's most popular aircraft and its biggest source of revenue. The blowout puts the focus back on Boeing's manufacturing controls just as it was gearing up to raise the output of its cash-cow model and turn the corner on past defects.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from MINT. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htlive.com

Load-Date: January 7, 2024


End of Document






Korean Air to introduce Boeing 787-10 passenger jet in Incheon-Narita route
 
ASEAN Tribune
July 22, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 232 words
Body


 22 Jul 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) Korea Air Co., South Korea's leading air carrier, said Monday it has received its first 787-10 Dreamliner passenger jet from Boeing Co. and will launch its inaugural flight this week.
The full service carrier said it will introduce the next-generation, eco-friendly passenger jet in its route connecting Incheon International Airport and Narita International Airport near Tokyo on Thursday.
The company said the 787-10 features the latest state-of-the-art technology, superior fuel efficiency and reduced carbon emissions. The jet will also debut Korean Air's new custom-built Prestige Class cabin interior, which features traditional Korean design patterns and a color inspired by Joseon Dynasty porcelain.
The 787-10 stands as the largest model in Boeing's 787 Dreamliner series. Its fuselage spans 68.3 meters and enables the 787-10 to carry 15 percent more passengers and cargo than the previous model.
Korean Air's 787-10 aircraft is configured with a total of 325 seats, including 36 Prestige Class seats and 289 economy class seats. The aircraft also features key components manufactured by Korean Air's Aerospace Division in Busan, such as the aft body, raked wing tips and flap support fairings.
The jet will initially be deployed on short-haul routes to stabilize operations, before being deployed on long-haul routes, such as the Incheon-Vancouver route.

Load-Date: July 23, 2024


End of Document






Boeing begins B777-9 flight test with FAA personnel onboard
New Straits Times (Malaysia)
July 15, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad All Rights Reserved
Section: BS15; Pg. 4
Length: 278 words
Body


KUALA LUMPUR: Boeing Co has begun the flight test of its twin-engine B777-9 aircraft on Saturday with US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) officials onboard, after a long delay.
Boeing said it received the Type Inspection Authorisation from FAA which gave the company the green light to start the flight test and the certification process.
"With the TIA for the B777-9, we began certification flight testing with US FAA personnel on board. The certification flight testing will continue validating the airplane's safety, reliability and performance.
"We appreciate our regulator's rigorous oversight and are grateful to our customers who have chosen the B777-9 for its efficiency, environmental performance and passenger comfort," Boeing said in a statement.
The American plane manufacturer said the B777-9 will undergo a thorough commercial flight test.
News of the B777-9 official flight test was first reported by The Air Current on July 12.
The B777-9 is part of the B777X family, which also includes the B777-8 freighter and the B777-8 passenger aircraft.
The first flight test of the B777-9 was done in January 2020 but the Covid-19 pandemic and additional regulatory requirements have delayed the flight certification process, which led to delivery setback for airline customers.
Boeing has over 480 B777X aircraft orders from customers including Emirates, Qatar Airways and Singapore Airlines.
The B777-9 test fleet has over 1,200 flights and 3,500 flight hours across various climate conditions and has visited 17 US states and seven countries.
With the discontinuation of Airbus A380, the B777-9 is now the largest widebody commercial aircraft in the world.
( END )

Load-Date: July 14, 2024


End of Document






Boeing sales tumble as the company gets no orders for the 737 Max for the second straight month
The Peninsula
June 11, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Dar Al Sharq Press, Printing & Distribution Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 236 words
Byline: The Peninsula Newspaper
Body


Doha: Boeing received orders for only four new planes in May - and for the second straight month, none for its best-selling 737 Max, as fallout continues from the blowout of a side panel on a Max during a flight in January.
The results released Tuesday compared unfavorably with Europe's Airbus, which reported net orders for 15 planes in May - 27 sales but 12 cancellations.
Boeing also saw Aerolineas Argentinas cancel an order for a single Max jet, bringing its net sales for the month to three.
Shares of The Boeing Co. fell 3% in afternoon trading.
The dismal results followed poor figures for April, when Boeing reported seven sales - none of them for the Max.
Boeing hopes that the slow pace of orders reflects a lull in sales before next month's Farnborough International Airshow, where aircraft deals are often announced.
But the Federal Aviation Administration is capping Boeing's production of 737s after a door plug blew out from an Alaska Airlines Max, allegations by whistleblowers that Boeing has taken shortcuts to produce planes more quickly, and reports of falsified inspection records on some 787 Dreamliner jets.
Boeing, based in Arlington, Virginia, delivered 24 jetliners in May, including 19 Max jets. Ireland's Ryanair got four and Alaska Airlines took three. Airbus said it delivered 53 planes last month.
Despite the slow pace of recent sales, Boeing still has a huge backlog of more than 5,600 orders.

Load-Date: June 11, 2024


End of Document






Boeing sales tumble amid 737 woes
The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)
June 12, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 The Columbian Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved
Section: BUSINESS; Pg. A5
Length: 248 words
Byline: Associated Press
Highlight: Associated Press files
In this photo taken with a fish-eye lens, a Boeing 737 MAX 8 airplane sits on the assembly line during a media tour in Boeing's 737 assembly facility in Renton on March 27, 2019.
Body


Company gets no orders for Max for the second straight month as fallout continues
Boeing received orders for only four new planes in May - and for the second straight month, none for its best-selling 737 Max, as fallout continues from the blowout of a side panel on a Max during a flight in January.
The results released Tuesday compared unfavorably with Europe's Airbus, which reported net orders for 15 planes in May - 27 sales but 12 cancellations.
Boeing also saw Aerolineas Argentinas cancel an order for a single Max jet, bringing its net sales for the month to three.
Shares of The Boeing Co. fell 3 percent in afternoon trading.
The dismal results followed poor figures for April, when Boeing reported seven sales - none of them for the Max. Boeing hopes that the slow pace of orders reflects a lull in sales before next month's Farnborough International Airshow, where aircraft deals are often announced.
But the Federal Aviation Administration is capping Boeing's production of 737s after a door plug blew out from an Alaska Airlines Max, allegations by whistleblowers that Boeing has taken shortcuts to produce planes more quickly, and reports of falsified inspection records on 787 Dreamliner jets.
Boeing, based in Arlington, Va. delivered 24 jetliners in May, including 19 Max jets. Ireland's Ryanair got four and Alaska Airlines took three. Airbus said it delivered 53 planes last month.
Despite the slow pace of recent sales, Boeing still has a huge backlog of more than 5,600 orders.

Load-Date: August 6, 2024


End of Document






Airbus expects China, India to drive jet sales
 
Business Mirror (Philippines)
July 16, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Business Mirror All Rights Reserved


Length: 316 words
Body


 Airbus SE predicted China and India will be key growth drivers for the aviation industry in the next two decades as the planemaker expects the global commercial fleet will double in the period.
The company anticipates the world will have 48,230 aircraft in 2043, compared with 24,240 planes at the start of this year, according to Airbus's annual Global Market Forecast. About 45 percent of all new plane deliveries will be to replace older, less fuel efficient aircraft, according to the forecast.
'The Indian carriers are expanding their international and their widebody operations that had historically been served by foreign carriers,' Joost Van Der Heijden, Airbus's head of marketing, said on a call.
Carriers in India have loaded up on new plane orders as demand for flying soars with a growing middle class. Market leader IndiGo has more than 1,000 aircraft on order, including a recent agreement for its first long-haul jets, while recently privatized Air India Ltd. is looking to shore up its fleet and ramp up services across its network.
Airbus's forecast comes at a time when the planemaker and its rival Boeing Co are struggling to ramp up production and many airlines in the US and in Europe have taken a more gloomy view on their near-term prospects.
On Friday, Deutsche Lufthansa AG cut its profit outlook for the full year as it wrestles with higher unit costs and falling ticket prices. On Thursday, Delta Air Lines Inc. warned that US domestic carriers are struggling to fill planes, dragging down ticket prices in a fare war that's weighing on profits.
The International Air Transport Association said last month that there's still pent-up demand for cross-border travel in Asia, and that the region will bring in about $600 million in profit this year. That compares with $14.8 billion in profit in North America, by far the biggest contributor to the aviation industry's earnings.

Load-Date: July 16, 2024


End of Document






Industry ministry, Boeing discuss closer technology cooperation
 
ASEAN Tribune
April 16, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 ASEAN Tribune All Rights Reserved


Length: 247 words
Body


 16 Apr 2024 (Yonhap News Agency) SEJONG, South Korea's industry ministry said Tuesday it has discussed ways to broaden cooperation in the aviation, space and defense sectors with U.S. aviation giant Boeing Co.
Industrial Policy Director General Lee Seung-ryeol met Patty Chang-Chien, the vice president and general manager of Boeing Research and Technology, in Seoul to discuss bilateral cooperation, according to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy.
During the meeting, Lee expressed hope that the U.S. company continues to pay attention to technologies under development among South Korean firms and Boeing so that they can be applied to aircraft.
Since 2020, South Korean companies and Boeing have been collaborating on the development of a smart cabin system for civil aircraft, funded with a budget of 11.8 billion won (US$8.49 million).
They have also invested 28 billion won in developing a health monitoring artificial intelligence system since 2022, which focuses on identifying irregular patterns in the operational data of airplanes.
In response, the U.S. firm said the Boeing Korea Engineering and Technology Center launched in 2019 is an example of a mutually beneficial investment, noting that the company will continue to expand research and development projects in South Korea.
Lee also asked Boeing to make efforts to clinch business partnerships with more South Korean firms, noting that the U.S. aviation firm has been playing a key role in the global supply chain.

Load-Date: April 17, 2024


End of Document






Kuehn Law Encourages AGRX, SPR, HCP, and ALLG Investors to Contact Law Firm
Legal Monitor Worldwide
July 4, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Legal Monitor Worldwide Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 333 words
Body


(GlobeNewswire) - Kuehn Law, PLLC, a shareholder litigation law firm, is investigating potential claims related to the below-listed proposed mergers. Kuehn Law may seek additional disclosures or other relief on behalf of the shareholders of these companies.
Kuehn Law is investigating whether the Boards of the below companies 1) acted to maximize shareholder value, 2) failed to disclose material information, and 3) conducted a fair process: Agile Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: AGRX) Click to Learn More
Agile Therapeutics, Inc. has agreed to be acquired by Insud Pharma, S.L. Under the terms of the agreement, Agile shareholders will receive $1.52 per Agile share in cash. Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPR) Click to Learn More
Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. has agreed to sell to Boeing Co. Spirit shareholders will receive $37.25 per share in Boeing common stock. HashiCorp Inc. (NASDAQ: HCP) Click to Learn More
HashiCorp, Inc. has agreed to merge with IBM for $35 per share in cash. Allego N.V. (NYSE: ALLG) Click to Learn More
Allego N.V. has entered into a definitive agreement to merge with Meridiam for $1.70 per share in cash.
Why Your Participation Matters:
SHAREHOLDER CASES: ADDRESSING THE INJUSTICE
As a shareholder your voice matters, and by getting involved, you contribute to the integrity and fairness of the financial markets. Your investment. Your voice. Your future.
How to Get Involved:
Kuehn Law is dedicated to safeguarding shareholder interests. Concerned shareholders are encouraged to contact Justin Kuehn, Esq., at justin@kuehn.law  or call (833) 672-0814. Kuehn Law covers all case costs and does not charge its investor clients. Shareholders are advised to act promptly, as legal rights may be time-sensitive. For additional information, please visit Merger Litigation - Kuehn Law.
Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.
Contacts:
Kuehn Law, PLLC
Justin Kuehn, Esq.
53 Hill Street, Suite 605
Southampton, NY 11968
justin@kuehn.law 
(833) 672-0814

Load-Date: July 4, 2024


End of Document
