
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239402046

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Coca-Cola Co and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Bloomberg : Western companies only promised to leave the Russian Federation . Coca-Cola Co. , PepsiCo Inc. , Danone , Carlsberg S.A. , Benetton Group and Auchan have rebranded, the agency noted

2. Bloomberg : Western companies only promised to leave the Russian Federation . Coca-Cola Co. , PepsiCo Inc. , Danone , Carlsberg S.A. , Benetton Group and Auchan have rebranded, the agency noted

3. Aboitiz, partner finalize P100-B Coca-Cola Philippines takeover

4. Tax Rate a Cause of Concern

5. James Williams, ex-SunTrust CEO and philanthropist, dies at 90

6. Coca Cola apologizes

7. Tax Rate a Cause of Concern

8. Coca-Cola brass to visit India this week with a 200-member team

9. Coca-Cola finishes expansion in Henrico Coca-Cola bottling plant in Henrico finishes $50 million expansion

10. Arca Continental expands plant in Texas








Bloomberg: Western companies only promised to leave the Russian Federation. Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo Inc., Danone, Carlsberg S.A., Benetton Group and Auchan have rebranded, the agency noted
What the Papers Say (EV) (Russia)
June 18, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Agency WPS All Rights Reserved
Section: PRESS SHORTS;; No. 638
Length: 334 words
Body


It names Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo Inc., Danone, Carlsberg S.A., Benetton Group and Auchan corporations as examples. It is noted that most of these companies have rebranded instead of leaving the country. Thus, the American parent company Coca-Cola Co. stopped producing products under the Coca-Cola brand after the start of the special operation. At the same time, its Russian enterprises are managed by Multon Partners, which is owned by Coca-Cola HBC. It is a British subsidiary of Coca-Cola Co., in which it owns 21% of the shares. After the cessation of Coca-Cola supplies, Multon decided to sell an analog drink on the Russian market under the brand "Dobry Cola". "The profit from the sale of Coca-Cola in Russia has simply moved (from the American parent company to the subsidiary - TASS) to Coca-Cola HBC <...>," Bloomberg quotes Garrett Nelson, an analyst at CFRA Research.
A similar strategy is typical for some other companies. For example, PepsiCo Inc., instead of a drink under the Pepsi brand, produces an analogue - Evervess and Frustyle (an analogue of Mirinda). As a result, "Good Cola" remains the most popular carbonated drink with a market share of 14%, and PepsiCo Inc.'s revenues in Russia from the sale of beverages "jumped by 12%" compared to a year earlier.
At the same time, according to the agency, some corporations have decided to continue their activities in the Russian Federation due to changes in Russian legislation, introduced in response to economic sanctions of unfriendly countries. Some companies "did not want to sell production at a huge discount," and allegedly "faced difficulties in withdrawing money from the country." At the same time, Bloomberg notes that continuing to work in Russia promises "significant benefits."
Source: TASS, June 18, 2024, 16:14 Dozens of the largest Western companies continue to operate in Russia, despite public promises to cease operations in the country after the start of the special operation in Ukraine. This was reported by Bloomberg.

Load-Date: June 19, 2024


End of Document






Bloomberg: Western companies only promised to leave the Russian Federation. Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo Inc., Danone, Carlsberg S.A., Benetton Group and Auchan have rebranded, the agency noted
Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)
June 18, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Agency WPS All Rights Reserved
Section: CORPORATE NEWS;; No. 865
Length: 335 words
Body


Reference: TASS, June 18, 2024, 16:14
Dozens of the largest Western companies continue to operate in Russia, despite public promises to cease operations in the country after the start of the special operation in Ukraine. This was reported by Bloomberg.
It names Coca-Cola Co., PepsiCo Inc., Danone, Carlsberg S.A., Benetton Group and Auchan corporations as examples. It is noted that most of these companies have rebranded instead of leaving the country. Thus, the American parent company Coca-Cola Co. stopped producing products under the Coca-Cola brand after the start of the special operation. At the same time, its Russian enterprises are managed by Multon Partners, which is owned by Coca-Cola HBC. It is a British subsidiary of Coca-Cola Co., in which it owns 21% of the shares. After the cessation of Coca-Cola supplies, Multon decided to sell an analog drink on the Russian market under the brand "Dobry Cola". "The profit from the sale of Coca-Cola in Russia has simply moved (from the American parent company to the subsidiary - TASS) to Coca-Cola HBC <...>," Bloomberg quotes Garrett Nelson, an analyst at CFRA Research.
A similar strategy is typical for some other companies. For example, PepsiCo Inc., instead of a drink under the Pepsi brand, produces an analogue - Evervess and Frustyle (an analogue of Mirinda). As a result, "Good Cola" remains the most popular carbonated drink with a market share of 14%, and PepsiCo Inc.'s revenues in Russia from the sale of beverages "jumped by 12%" compared to a year earlier.
At the same time, according to the agency, some corporations have decided to continue their activities in the Russian Federation due to changes in Russian legislation, introduced in response to economic sanctions of unfriendly countries. Some companies "did not want to sell production at a huge discount," and allegedly "faced difficulties in withdrawing money from the country." At the same time, Bloomberg notes that continuing to work in Russia promises "significant benefits."

Load-Date: June 19, 2024


End of Document






Aboitiz, partner finalize P100-B Coca-Cola Philippines takeover
 
Philippines Daily Inquirer
February 23, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Philippines Daily Inquirer All Rights Reserved


Length: 395 words
Body


 The Coca Cola brand officially joins the Aboitiz Group investment portfolio after the Philippine conglomerate and its European partner completed the P100-billion buyout of the beverage giant on Friday.
Aboitiz Equity Ventures Inc. (AEV), one of the country's biggest companies, acquired 40 percent of Coca Coca-Cola Beverages Philippines Inc. while its partner, Coca-Cola Europacific Partners Plc. (CCEP), bought 60 percent.
'AEV and CCEP completed the transaction following the completion of all the conditions precedent,' Aboitiz said in a stock exchange filing.
Coca-Cola has been available in the country since the early 20th century and began local production in 1927. Its portfolio includes popular carbonated beverage brands like Coca-Cola, Royal, and Sprite.
Aboitiz buys 40% of Coca-Cola PH
Coca Cola Philippines, which has a long history of changing ownership, was last controlled by US-based The Coca-Cola Co. It has a wide supply chain footprint consisting of 73 production lines and 19 plants.
Profitability, growth prospects
In its disclosure on Friday, Aboitiz Equity said the deal will allow them to benefit from 'attractive profitability and growth prospects'.
Coca Cola Philippines' latest financial statements showed revenue of almost P95 billion and a net income of P2.2 billion in 2022.
The deal was completed after the buyers secured various approvals, including the go-signal from the Philippine Competition Commission. The last requirement called for the creation of CCEP Aboitiz Beverages Philippines Inc., the venture that acquired 100 percent of Coca Cola Philippines from The Coca Cola Co.
Aboitiz gets PCC nod for P40-B Coke Philippines investment
The Aboitiz Group -which owns Aboitiz Power, Union Bank of the Philippines, and Pilmico Foods- has been diversifying deeper into infrastructure and consumer segments.
Net income during the first nine months of 2023 suffered a nearly 16-percent drop mainly due to the absence of substantial non-recurring gains. Aboitiz Equity reported a net income of P18 billion, down from P21.4 billion in the same period in 2022.
The power segment significantly contributed 70 percent of its net income. Aboitiz Power Corp. reported a 37-percent increase in its net income to P26.7 billion. UnionBank saw its net income decrease by 19 percent to P8.1 billion as it integrated the Citi's consumer business in its portfolio.

Load-Date: February 24, 2024


End of Document






Tax Rate a Cause of Concern
Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)
February 27, 2024 Tuesday
Mumbai Edition


Copyright 2024 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: FRONT PAGE
Length: 473 words
Byline: Ratna.Bhushan@timesgroup.com
Highlight: A 220-member team led by global chairman Quincey plans to meet govt officials, bottling partners
Body


New Delhi: The Coca-Cola Co’s global chairman and chief executive officer, James Quincey, will head a 220-member company leadership team on a potentially big-impact visit to India this week, executives aware of the plans told ET, poin-  ting to New Delhi’s rapidly ascending importance for the Atlanta-based beverage firm that is striving to drive sales in mature markets such as the US and Europe. India, the world’s most populous and youngest country, is a top-five volume growth priority market for the maker of Coke and Sprite aerated drinks, Minute Maid juice and Kinley bottled water.  “The executives are keen on meeting the government brass,” said one of the executives cited above. 
“They will also be engaging with bottling partners that now operate close to half of Coca-Cola’s bottling business in India — and are crucial since they will infuse capital into the business.” The teams are scheduled to meet in Goa. Besides Quincey, the company’s president and chief financial officer, John Murphy, and global chief marketing officer, Manuel Manolo Arroyo, are leading the teams of Coca-Cola officials. “India is gaining prominence in global system due to strong earnings over the last two years. There are significant investments into building capacity, and the focus is now on ensuring growth is balanced with profitability,” said one of the executives cited above. An email sent to Coca-Cola India seeking comments remained unanswered until the publication of this report.  India is seen as a core growth target since penetration of packaged soft drinks in the country remains very low. However, taxation of aerated drinks remains a concern for the beverage makers. While soft drinks are sold at Rs 10 and upward, the category is classified in the same tax bracket as alcohol. Under the GST regime, carbonated drinks attract a peak GST rate of 28% plus 12% additional compensation cess. Quincey said in an earnings management commentary after the December quarter that Coca-Cola’s India business saw “robust growth through 2023” despite climate disruptions. “A significant portion of our expected capital investment increase is to build capacity for our India business and Fairlife (Coca-Cola’s dairy business),” Murphy said during the fourth-quarter and full-year earnings call last fortnight.  PARTNER INVESTMENTS  In December 2023, Coca-Cola’s local bottling partner, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages (HCCB), announced an investment of Rs 3,000 crore in Gujarat to manufacture juices and aerated drinks. The Coca-Cola Co said in its full-year earnings presentation that India and Brazil led growth in developing and emerging markets through 2023. The company said it increased its value share in the Asia-Pacific region led by India, the Philippines, South Korea and Japan. It did not, however, share individual market share gains.

Load-Date: February 26, 2024


End of Document






James Williams, ex-SunTrust CEO and philanthropist, dies at 90
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
January 25, 2024 Thursday
Main Edition


Copyright 2024 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


Section: MAIN; Pg. 11A
Length: 539 words
Byline: Michael E. Kanell - , michael.kanell@ajc.com

Staff
Body


James Bryan “Jimmy” Williams Sr. died Tuesday at age 90, after a lifetime in which he served as an executive of iconic Atlanta companies and an influential member of many philanthropic boards.
Williams rose through the ranks of what became Sun- Trust Banks before becoming its president, CEO and chairman in 1991. He served on the boards of numerous companies, including the Coca-Cola Co., Genuine Parts, Rollins Inc., Georgia-Pacific Corp. and the Sea Island Co., and had also been a trustee of Emory University, the Westminster Schools and Berry College.
Williams also served as chairman of the powerful Robert W. Woodruff Foundation, playing a key part in helping to save the then-financially challenged Grady Memorial Hospital.
“He was one of a kind,” said Russ Hardin, current president of the Woodruff Foundation and a longtime friend of Williams’.
“He didn’t get many awards, maybe because he wouldn’t want to go to the dinners.”
The late Robert Woodruff, beloved former Coca-Cola chief executive, civic leader and namesake of the powerful foundation, promoted Williams’ career, getting him on the Coca-Cola board, Hardin said.
“He called him ‘that redheaded fella.’ And Woodruff picked him out because he was the smartest guy in the room,” Hardin said.
Williams once said of his guiding principle when he led the foundation: “We are trying to do what Mr. Woodruff would want us to do.”
Williams was also seen as having a close relationship with the late King & Spalding mainstay, John A. Sibley.
“We’ve been around together a lot,” Sibley told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution in 1991, when Williams was chairman of SunTrust.
“He and I are old friends.”
The two served together on the boards of Coca-Cola Co., the Woodruff Foundation and SunTrust Banks.
“He’s been quietly forceful for some time,” Sibley told the AJC. “He’ll ask the right questions because his mind is so quick.”
Williams had an uncanny memory for figures, he said: “He can remember financial statements 3 years old.” While understandably out of the spotlight these past few years, Williams was commonly seen as avoiding undue attention even when he was an influential “mover and shaker” among the higher echelon of the Atlanta business and philanthropic community, Sibley said in the 1991 interview.
Looking back now, Williams was clearly “Atlanta’s central business leader during his tenure as chairman at the bank,”
Susan Neugent, a former top executive at the Atlanta Chamber of Commerce and Fernbank, told the AJC Wednesday.
“His reach extended well beyond the bank and business community and into civic, notfor-profit, higher education and governmental organizations throughout the state, all of which are far better today as a result of his leadership.”
A visitation is today from 5:30 to 7 p.m. at H.M. Patterson & Son — Arlington Chapel in Sandy Springs, the family said. The funeral service will be Friday at 11 a.m. at Glenn Memorial United Methodist Church at Emory University. A private graveside service will follow at Arlington Memorial Cemetery in Sandy Springs.
In lieu of flowers, the family requests that contributions be made to the Woodruff Health Sciences Center, Office of Gift Records, Emory University, 1762 Clifton Rd. NE, Suite 1400, Atlanta, GA 30322.

Load-Date: January 25, 2024


End of Document






Coca Cola apologizes
CE Noticias Financieras English
June 23, 2024 Sunday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 565 words
Body


June 23, 1974
DOUGH AND TORTILLA INDUSTRY TO BE REGULARIZED. Authorities of Industry and Commerce will act against nixtamal mills and tortilla factories that have not been authorized by the corresponding authorities, in compliance with the decree of May 20, 1974, related to the masa and tortilla industry. Before the decree, the city council had the power to issue permits to mills and tortilla factories, but now only the SIC will authorize the installation of new industries of this type, in order to regulate them and prevent unfair competition.
THE END OF THE SCANDAL IS NEAR. Washington. The House Judiciary Committee will begin next week the deposition of witnesses who could acquit or indict President Richard Nixon in connection with the Watergate affair. Both Nixon's supporters and his opponents on the committee are confident that the testimony of these witnesses will support their respective views. The first to testify could be Charles W. Colson, Nixon's former White House confidant, who told a court yesterday that he had always acted under orders from the president.
CELEBRATION FOR ANA E. BALDERRAMA. In Sabinas, Coahuila, the dear friend Ana Elisa Balderrama de Del Bosque, who is greatly missed in the social life of Mochita, celebrated her saint's day. Her absence is due to the change of residence that now has her and her husband, engineer Francisco del Bosque and their two heirs, registering in the cessation of that population of Coahuila. From here her parents, Mr. Armando Balderrama Gómez and Enriqueta Santana de Balderrama, send their congratulations.
June 23, 1999
ENCOURAGING RAINS. When the first significant rains were registered in the mountainous region and in the main cities of the state, and the dams began to receive contributions, hope was reborn among the population and the producers that the drought would end and the problem of water shortage would be definitively solved. Although the curtains of Sinaloa's 11 dams are still closed and in total they received contributions of 2.2 million cubic meters, only the Luis Donaldo Colosio dam captured 1.19 million cubic meters last night.
COCA COLA OFFERS APOLOGIES. Brussels. The Coca Cola company offered apologies, two weeks after several children fell ill after ingesting the drink, for its late reaction to the health crisis that has weakened consumer confidence and the company's performance in the stock market. The European Union extended the precautionary ban on the sale of Coca Cola, Fanta and Sprite for a second week. France banned cans and Belgium banned cans and bottles, because more than 200 people experienced stomach pains, nausea and vomiting after ingesting those drinks in the last two weeks. Some children spent two nights in the hospital. Coca Cola Co. president Douglas Ivester took out an ad in major newspapers in Belgium to offer apologies. "I should have spoken to you earlier," Ivester said in the ad. "For us, health and safety are more important than business. I am very sorry for any inconvenience or discomfort." The advertisement, however, failed to stem the company's slide on the New York Stock Exchange, where Coca Cola shares fell three percent. Belgian authorities convened a group of ten experts to assess the situation. Ben Nemery, a toxicologist from the University of Leuven, was one of them and the evidence showed no actual poisoning.
More from the same author:

Load-Date: June 24, 2024


End of Document






Tax Rate a Cause of Concern
Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)
February 27, 2024 Tuesday
Delhi Edition


Copyright 2024 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: FRONT PAGE
Length: 619 words
Byline: Ratna.Bhushan@timesgroup.com
Highlight: A 220-member team led by global chairman Quincey plans to meet govt officials, bottling partners
Body


New Delhi: The Coca-Cola Co’s global chairman and chief executive officer, James Quincey, will head a 220-member company leadership team on a potentially big-impact visit to India this week, executives aware of the plans told ET, poin-  ting to New Delhi’s rapidly ascending importance for the Atlanta-based beverage firm that is striving to drive sales in mature markets such as the US and Europe. India, the world’s most populous and youngest country, is a top-five volume growth priority market for the maker of Coke and Sprite aerated drinks, Minute Maid juice and Kinley bottled water.  “The executives are keen on meeting the government brass,” said one of the executives cited above. “They will also be engaging with bottling partners that now operate close to half of Coca-Cola’s bottling business in India — and are crucial since they will infuse capital into the business.” The teams are scheduled to meet in Goa. 
Besides Quincey, the company’s president and chief financial officer, John Murphy, and global chief marketing officer, Manuel Manolo Arroyo, are leading the teams of Coca-Cola officials. “India is gaining prominence in global system due to strong earnings over the last two years. There are significant investments into building capacity, and the focus is now on ensuring growth is balanced with profitability,” said one of the executives cited above. An email sent to Coca-Cola India seeking comments remained unanswered until the publication of this report.  India is seen as a core growth target since penetration of packaged soft drinks in the country remains very low. However, taxation of aerated drinks remains a concern for the beverage makers. While soft drinks are sold at Rs 10 and upward, the category is classified in the same tax bracket as alcohol. Under the GST regime, carbonated drinks attract a peak GST rate of 28% plus 12% additional compensation cess. Quincey said in an earnings management commentary after the December quarter that Coca-Cola’s India business saw “robust growth through 2023” despite climate disruptions. “A significant portion of our expected capital investment increase is to build capacity for our India business and Fairlife (Coca-Cola’s dairy business),” Murphy said during the fourth-quarter and full-year earnings call last fortnight. PARTNER INVESTMENTS In December 2023, Coca-Cola’s local bottling partner, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages (HCCB), announced an investment of Rs 3,000 crore in Gujarat to manufacture juices and aerated drinks. The Coca-Cola Co said in its full-year  earnings presentation that India and Brazil led growth in developing and emerging markets through 2023. The company said it increased its value share in the Asia-Pacific region led by India, the Philippines, South Korea and Japan. It did not, however, share individual market share gains. For the full year, developed markets grew 1% with declines in the US and Chile. Developing and emerging markets expanded 2%, driven by growth in India and Brazil, the beverage company said. Coca-Cola India’s consolidated profit increased 57% to Rs 722 crore in FY23, and revenue from operations climbed 45% to Rs 4,521 crore, financial data accessed by the business intelligence platform Tofler showed. A report by economic policy think-tank ICRIER forecast India’s non-alcoholic beverage market to reach a size of Rs 1.47 lakh crore by 2030, up from Rs 67,100 crore in 2019. The report said carbonated soft drinks and bottled water account for the bulk of the non-alcoholic beverages sector. It noted that the market for juices, energy drinks, tea, milk and coffee-based beverages, too, are expanding, offering significant potential to enhance consumption of packaged drinks.

Load-Date: February 26, 2024


End of Document






Coca-Cola brass to visit India this week with a 200-member team
The Economic Times
February 27, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: FMCG
Length: 626 words
Byline: Ratna Bhushan
Body


The Coca-Cola Co's global chairman and chief executive officer, James Quincey, will head a 220-member company leadership team on a potentially big-impact visit to India this week, executives aware of the plans told ET, pointing to New Delhi's rapidly ascending importance for the Atlanta-based beverage firm that is striving to drive sales in mature markets such as the US and Europe. India, the world's most populous and youngest country, is a top-five volume growth priority market for the maker of Coke and Sprite aerated drinks, Minute Maid juice and Kinley bottled water."The executives are keen on meeting the government brass," said one of the executives cited above. "They will also be engaging with bottling partners that now operate close to half of Coca-Cola's bottling business in India - and are crucial since they will infuse capital into the business."The teams are scheduled to meet in Goa. Besides Quincey, the company's president and chief financial officer, John Murphy, and global chief marketing officer, Manuel Manolo Arroyo, are leading the teams of Coca-Cola officials. 
"India is gaining prominence in global system due to strong earnings over the last two years. There are significant investments into building capacity, and the focus is now on ensuring growth is balanced with profitability," said one of the executives cited above. An email sent to Coca-Cola India seeking comments remained unanswered until the publication of this report. Tax rate a cause of concern India is seen as a core growth target since penetration of packaged soft drinks in the country remains very low. However, taxation of aerated drinks remains a concern for the beverage makers. While soft drinks are sold at Rs 10 and upward, the category is classified in the same tax bracket as alcohol. Under the GST regime, carbonated drinks attract a peak GST rate of 28% plus 12% additional compensation cess.Quincey said in an earnings management commentary after the December quarter that Coca-Cola's India business saw "robust growth through 2023" despite climate disruptions."A significant portion of our expected capital investment increase is to build capacity for our India business and Fairlife (Coca-Cola's dairy business)," Murphy said during the fourth-quarter and full-year earnings call last fortnight.Partner investmentsIn December 2023, Coca-Cola's local bottling partner, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages (HCCB), announced an investment of Rs 3,000 crore in Gujarat to manufacture juices and aerated drinks.The Coca-Cola Co said in its full-year earnings presentation that India and Brazil led growth in developing and emerging markets through 2023. The company said it increased its value share in the Asia-Pacific region led by India, the Philippines, South Korea and Japan. It did not, however, share individual market share gains.For the full year, developed markets grew 1% with declines in the US and Chile. Developing and emerging markets expanded 2%, driven by growth in India and Brazil, the beverage company said.Coca-Cola India's consolidated profit increased 57% to Rs 722 crore in FY23, and revenue from operations climbed 45% to Rs 4,521 crore, financial data accessed by the business intelligence platform Tofler showed.A report by economic policy think-tank ICRIER forecast India's non-alcoholic beverage market to reach a size of Rs 1.47 lakh crore by 2030, up from Rs 67,100 crore in 2019. The report said carbonated soft drinks and bottled water account for the bulk of the non-alcoholic beverages sector. It noted that the market for juices, energy drinks, tea, milk and coffee-based beverages, too, are expanding, offering significant potential to enhance consumption of packaged drinks. For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

Load-Date: February 27, 2024


End of Document






Coca-Cola finishes expansion in Henrico; Coca-Cola bottling plant in Henrico finishes $50 million expansion
Richmond Times Dispatch (Virginia)
March 29, 2024 Friday
01 Edition


Distributed by Newsbank, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 Richmond Times-Dispatch, Richmond, VA 
Section: MAIN; Pg. 10A
Length: 411 words
Byline: ERIC KOLENICH Richmond TimesDispatch
Body


Coca-Cola Consolidated has spent $50 million to expand its manufacturing and warehouse facility in eastern Henrico County, as the Richmond market grows and demand for soda continues.
Gov. Glenn Youngkin visited the plant this week to celebrate the investment. 
The Coca-Cola Co. owns the brand and formula for its famous sodas. It sells the formula to bottling companies all over the world, and Coca-Cola Consolidated, headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, and the largest bottler in the U.S., manufactures, sells and distributes the beverages. 
The Sandston facility, just north of Interstate 64 near South Airport Drive, bottles all Coke products, including classic Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, Fanta, Dasani water and Monster Java coffee. 
Classic Coca-Cola is still its most popular product, said John Eady, the plant's director. The plant produces 125 different products, including drinks in 2-liter bottles, half-liter bottles, 12-ounce cans and more. Products leaving the Sandston facility can go as far as Ohio and South Carolina. 
The expansion added 210,000 square feet - about three football fields - of warehouse space, allowing for more storage. The plant also hired 40 more manufacturing employees. 
Altogether, the plant has grown to about half a million square feet and 450 total employees. 
The company has invested $90 million in Virginia in the past five years, Eady said. The Henrico facility in recent years bought a new blender and new equipment to blow-mold soda bottles. It previously expanded its facility in 2021, adding almost 3,000 square feet and 40 jobs. Coca-Cola Consolidated has eight facilities in the state. 
"This investment shows we're committed to Sandston, the Richmond area, as well as the state of Virginia," Eady said. 
The expansion reflects growth in the Richmond market and continued interest in Coke products, Eady said. Though buyers are increasingly looking for healthier options, Coke is offering zero-calorie sodas, such as Diet Coke and Coke Zero, juices, teas and smaller sizes for its classic Coke. 
"Our products are in high demand," Eady said. "Our portfolio continues to grow." 
The Coca-Cola Co.'s revenue declined 3% in North America last quarter, as demand fell and prices rose, the Wall Street Journal reported. The company said low-income consumers who buy sodas to drink at home were consuming less. But sales grew at restaurants, amusement parks and airports. 
Eric Kolenich (804) 649-6109ekolenich@timesdispatch.com

Graphic

 
Butcher Brown collects Newlin prize; Richmond baker competes on "Is It Cake?"; Pharrell movie filming in Richmond Coca-Cola Consolidated spent $50 million to expand its manufacturing and distribution facility in Sandston. Coca-Cola Consolidated Coca-Cola Consolidated spent $50 million to expand its manufacturing and distribution facility in Sandston. Coca-Cola Consolidated In May 1990, quality assurance technician Blake Dingler examined Coca-Cola cans as they moved through Mid-Atlantic Coca-Cola Bottling Co.'s new production plant in eastern Henrico County. The $30 million, 172,000-square-foot plant in the Sammis Center employed nearly 60 people and had a capacity of about 15 million cases per year. Staff photo In May 1990, quality assurance technician Blake Dingler examined Coca-Cola cans as they moved through Mid-Atlantic Coca-Cola Bottling Co.'s new production plant in eastern Henrico County. The $30 million, 172,000-square-foot plant in the Sammis Center employed nearly 60 people and had a capacity of about 15 million cases per year. Staff photo The Sandston plant produces 125 different products, including sodas, teas and waters in various sizes and packages. Coca-Cola Consolidated The Sandston plant produces 125 different products, including sodas, teas and waters in various sizes and packages. Coca-Cola Consolidated The Sandston facility is 500,000 square feet now that the expansion is complete. Coca-Cola Consolidated The Sandston facility is 500,000 square feet now that the expansion is complete. Coca-Cola Consolidated

Load-Date: June 24, 2024


End of Document






Arca Continental expands plant in Texas
CE Noticias Financieras English
April 2, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 294 words
Body


Arca Continental Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages will invest 168 million dollars over the next three years to expand its facilities in Fort Worth, Texas (Dallas metropolitan area).
It will add two production lines and expand its warehouse space from 150 thousand square feet to 400 thousand square feet.
Arca Continental is the third largest bottler of The Coca Cola Co. in the United States.
The new lines will focus on the soft drink business and will also add capacity to produce various sizes.
In recent years, the mini-cans presentation has seen increased demand, a format that will be produced at this facility.
Jean Claude Tissot, president of Arca Continental Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages, detailed that these resources will also be used for the digitalization of its business.
"We need to think about opportunities for the future, how we are going to continue to grow, how we are going to continue to offer employment opportunities and how we are going to be at the forefront in terms of technology," said the executive.
"That applies not only to our facilities, but also to our commercial initiatives."
Arca Continental has about 1,800 employees in the Dallas metropolitan area.
This investment follows another $260 million dollars that the company made in Houston, where it installed a production and distribution center in 2020.
Arca Continental Coca-Cola Southwest Beverages has 7 facilities in Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Arkansas.
In recent years, the company has made announcements during the broadcast of several Super Bowl and is now preparing for the 2026 World Cup, which will be held in the U.S., Mexico and Canada.
"As companies, we have to take advantage of the opportunity and we are going to invest to take advantage of it," the executive stressed.

Load-Date: April 3, 2024


End of Document
