
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239401659

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Home Depot Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Teddy named Straightaway Tire CEO

2. Home Depot 's strong fourth quarter overshadowed by weakening sales and expectations for 2024 Home Depot 's sales continued to weaken in its fiscal fourth quarter, as the country's largest home improvement retailer deals with Amer...

3. Home Depot 's sales continue to soften in 2024 as inflation, delayed start to spring weigh on sales Home Depot 's sales continued to soften in the first quarter as the nation's largest home improvement retailer not only was constr...

4. Home Depot ‘s strong fourth quarter overshadowed by weakening sales and expectations for 2024

5. The Digest

6. Shorter workweek is canary in labor market's coal mine

7. Shorter workweek is canary in labor market's coal mine

8. Walmart group sales rise as it attracts higher-income consumers

9. Big tech is driving S&;P rally. the rest have to step up soon; Investing

10. Posthaste: Canada's housing correction has likely run its course, say economists








Teddy named Straightaway Tire CEO
Tire Business
July 29, 2024
Print Version


Copyright 2024 Crain Communications All Rights Reserved


Section: Pg. 16; Vol. 42
Length: 250 words
Dateline: BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Mich. 
Body


O2 Investment Partners has hired John Teddy as CEO of Straightaway Tire & Auto.
Teddy most recently was president of Take 5 Car Wash, a division of Driven Brands Holdings Inc. During his time at Driven Brands, he also was chief commercial officer and held multiple senior leadership positions within the Take 5 Oil Change division.
He previously worked for Home Depot Inc. and Lowe's Companies Inc., where he orchestrated various corporate strategy, mergers/acquisitions and performance-improvement initiatives to help drive strong market-share gains and profitability growth, according to O2.
"Straightaway is a truly unique home for founder-led brands, supported by the benefits of a world class platform, and powered by our incredible front-line associates. It's an honor to serve this team as we continue to accelerate our growth," Teddy said.
O2, a private equity firm, is a stakeholder in Straightaway Tire, which was formed in 2023 by the amalgamation of five independent dealerships and now has more than 50 locations throughout Colorado, Florida, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire and Wisconsin.
"(Teddy) is a proven leader with considerable experience scaling auto service businesses and will be instrumental to our next phase of growth," O2 partner Joe Vallee said.
"His addition underscores our commitment to build a platform with best-in-class resources that empower our industry-leading local operators. This marks yet another step toward building something special in the industry."

Load-Date: August 1, 2024


End of Document






Home Depot's strong fourth quarter overshadowed by weakening sales and expectations for 2024; Home Depot's sales continued to weaken in its fiscal fourth quarter, as the country's largest home improvement retailer deals with Americans who remain concerned about high mortgage rates and inflation
Dayton Daily News (Ohio)
February 20, 2024 Tuesday


Distributed by Newsbank, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 Cox Ohio Publishing. 
Section: NATION WORLD
Length: 394 words
Byline: MICHELLE CHAPMAN
Body


Home Depot's sales continued to fade during the fourth quarter as the country's largest home improvement retailer feels the impact of high mortgage rates and inflation on its customers.
While quarterly results topped Wall Street expectations, the company's sales expectations for this year weighed on shares early. 
Shares slipped more than 3% before the opening bell Tuesday. Rival Lowe's, which reports fourth-quarter earnings next week, fell more than 2%. 
Home Depot reported fourth-quarter sales of $34.79 billion, down from $35.83 in the prior-year period. That still beat the $34.55 billion that analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research expected. 
Sales at stores open at least a year, a key indicator of a retailer's health, fell 3.5%. In the U.S., same store sales declined 4%. 
"After three years of exceptional growth for our business, 2023 was a year of moderation," CEO Ted Decker said in a prepared statement. 
Last week, the average long-term U.S. mortgage rate rose to its highest level in 10 weeks. The average rate on a 30-year mortgage rose to 6.77% from 6.64% a week earlier, according to mortgage buyer Freddie Mac. A year ago, the rate averaged 6.32%. 
The increase echoes moves in the 10-year Treasury yield, which lenders use as a guide to pricing loans. Stronger-than-expected reports on inflation, a strong job market and the overall strength of the economy have stoked fears that the Federal Reserve will wait longer before it begins cutting interest rates. 
When mortgage rates rise, they can add hundreds of dollars a month in costs for homeowners, limiting how much they can afford in a market already out of reach for many Americans. They also discourage homeowners who locked in rock-bottom rates two or three years ago from selling. The average rate on a 30-year mortgage remains sharply higher than just two years ago, when it was 3.92%. 
For the three months ended Jan. 28, Home Depot Inc. earned $2.8 billion, or $2.82 per share. The Atlanta company earned $3.36 billion, or $3.30 per share, a year ago. 
That topped the $2.77 per share that Wall Street was calling for. 
Home Depot predicts fiscal 2024 sales growth of about 1%, including the 53rd week. It anticipates same-store sales will be down about 1% for the 52-week period. 
The company also announced Tuesday that it was boosting its quarterly dividend 7.7% to $2.25 per share.

Graphic

 
FILE - Shopping carts are parked outside a Home Depot in Philadelphia, Sept. 21, 2022. Home Depot reports earnings on Tuesday, Feb. 20, 2024. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File)

Load-Date: February 20, 2024


End of Document






Home Depot's sales continue to soften in 2024 as inflation, delayed start to spring weigh on sales; Home Depot's sales continued to soften in the first quarter as the nation's largest home improvement retailer not only was constrained by high mortgage rates and customers dealing with inflation concerns, but it also had to deal with a delayed start to spring
Dayton Daily News (Ohio)
May 14, 2024 Tuesday


Distributed by Newsbank, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 Cox Ohio Publishing. 
Section: NATION WORLD
Length: 631 words
Byline: MICHELLE CHAPMAN
Body


Home Depot's sales continued to soften in the first quarter as the nation's largest home improvement retailer was not only constrained by high mortgage rates and higher inflation for its customers, but it also had to deal with a delayed start to spring.
Sales slipped 2.3% to $36.42 billion for the period ended April 28, just shy of the $36.65 billion that analysts polled by Zacks Investment Research expected. It was the third consecutive quarter of declining sales for the retailers, which saw sales skyrocket during the pandemic. 
Customer transactions dipped 1% in the quarter, with shoppers also spending a bit less, averaging $90.68 per receipt compared with $91.92 a year earlier. 
Sales at store open at least a year, a key gauge of a retailer's health, declined 2.8% globally, and 3.2% in the U.S. 
Last week the average rate on a 30-year mortgage fell for the first time in a month, a slight relief for home shoppers already facing the challenges of rising housing prices and a shortage of homes for sale. 
The modest pullback followed a five-week string of increases that pushed the average rate to its highest level since November 30. When mortgage rates rise, they can add hundreds of dollars a month in costs for borrowers, limiting how much homebuyers can afford. 
Americans are pulling back on large home remodeling projects, like bathrooms and kitchens, and that is hitting Home Depot, said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData. 
"Many more households are reluctant to undertake activity due to financial constraints or the higher cost of using credit to pay for work," Saunders said in an email. "We are also detecting some hesitation among consumers who hope to move in the future so do not want to undertake big improvement projects in the homes they currently live in." 
While people are still spending money on less expensive home decor projects, Saunders says Home Depot faces more competition in that area from garden centers, paint specialists and others and consumers are shopping around for the best bargains and deals. 
The professional side of Home Depot's business is stronger, but Saunders says there's still some pockets of softness. 
"Overall, Home Depot remains a formidable business. The current challenges are all caused by a period of churn in the consumer economy rather than by any missteps the company has made. Even so, we think the year ahead will be one of continued reset," he said. 
Home Depot remains focused on the strength of the professional builder and contractor side of its business and catering to the needs of those customers. 
In March Home Depot announced that it was buying SRS Distribution, a materials provider for professionals, in a deal valued at approximately $18.25 billion including debt. SRS provides materials for professionals like roofers, landscapers and pool contractors. 
Ann-Marie Campbell, senior executive vice president, said during the company's conference call that later this year, Home Depot will provide a way for professionals to be able to have big, bulky items and other goods that need be returned picked up at their job sites. 
"This is a massive win not only for pros but also for associates and our stores, and will drive better customer satisfaction and greater store productivity," she said. 
For the first quarter, Home Depot Inc. earned $3.6 billion, or $3.63 per share, down from the $3.87 billion, or $3.82 per share, it earned in the same period last year. 
But that was better than the $3.61 per share that Wall Street expected. 
The Atlanta company maintained its fiscal full-year forecast for total sales growth of about 1%, which includes a 53rd week. It still anticipates same-store sales falling approximately 1% for the 52-week period. 
Shares declined slightly in afternoon trading on Tuesday.

Graphic

 
FILE - A view of the exterior of the Home Depot improvement store, in Niles, Ill., on Feb. 19, 2022. Home Depot reports earnings on Tuesday, Nov. 14, 2023. Home Depot's sales continued to soften in the first quarter as the nation's largest home improvement retailer not only was constrained by high mortgage rates and customers dealing with inflation concerns, but it also had to deal with a delayed start to spring. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, File)

Load-Date: May 14, 2024


End of Document






Home Depot‘s strong fourth quarter overshadowed by weakening sales and expectations for 2024
Idaho Business Review
February 21, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 BridgeTower Media All Rights Reserved


Section: NEWS
Length: 524 words
Byline: Marc Lutz
Body


Home Depot’s sales continued to fade during the fourth quarter as the country's largest home improvement retailer feels the impact of high mortgage rates and inflation on its customers.
While quarterly results topped Wall Street expectations, the company’s sales expectations for this year weighed on shares early.
Shares slipped more than 2% before the opening bell Feb. 20. Rival Lowe’s, which reports fourth-quarter earnings next week, fell more than 2%.
There are eight Home Depot locations throughout Idaho and six Lowe’s locations.
Home Depot reported fourth-quarter sales of $34.79 billion, down from $35.83 in the prior-year period. That still beat the $34.55 billion that analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research expected.
Sales at stores open at least a year, a key indicator of a retailer's health, fell 3.5%. In the U.S., same store sales declined 4%.
“After three years of exceptional growth for our business, 2023 was a year of moderation,” CEO Ted Decker said in a prepared statement.
A terrible climate for homebuyers is to blame, said Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData.
“Over Home Depot’s final quarter, we estimate that home sales in the U.S. dropped by 7.2% over the prior year. This continues to suck a lot of demand out of the market as home movers are, traditionally, big spenders on improvement,” Saunders wrote.
Home Depot is still a well-run company, he said.
“It is easy to see these results as gloomy, but the current deterioration is more of a reset than a serious problem,” Saunders wrote. “Compared to 2019, annual sales remain up by 38.5% or $42 billion. So, this current plateau comes after a very steep climb. ”
Last week, the average long-term U.S. mortgage rate rose to its highest level in 10 weeks. The average rate on a 30-year mortgage rose to 6.77% from 6.64% a week earlier, according to mortgage buyer Freddie Mac. A year ago, the rate averaged 6.32%.
The increase echoes moves in the 10-year Treasury yield, which lenders use as a guide to pricing loans. Stronger-than-expected reports on inflation, a strong job market and the overall strength of the economy have stoked fears that the Federal Reserve will wait longer before it begins cutting interest rates.
When mortgage rates rise, they can add hundreds of dollars a month in costs for homeowners, limiting how much they can afford in a market already out of reach for many Americans. They also discourage homeowners who locked in rock-bottom rates two or three years ago from selling. The average rate on a 30-year mortgage remains sharply higher than just two years ago, when it was 3.92%.
For the three months ended Jan. 28, Home Depot Inc. earned $2.8 billion, or $2.82 per share. The Atlanta company earned $3.36 billion, or $3.30 per share, a year ago.
That topped the $2.77 per share that Wall Street was calling for.
Home Depot predicts fiscal 2024 sales growth of about 1%, including the 53rd week. It anticipates same-store sales will be down about 1% for the 52-week period.
The company also announced Tuesday that it was boosting its quarterly dividend 7.7% to $2.25 per share.
Copyright © 2024 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

Load-Date: February 27, 2024


End of Document






The Digest
The New York Times
February 21, 2024 Wednesday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2024 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2
Length: 477 words
Byline: By The Associated Press
Body


GAMBLING
Commercial Casinos Won $66.5 Billion in 2023 
  America's commercial casinos won $66.5 billion from gamblers in 2023, the industry's best year ever, according to figures released by its national trade association Tuesday. The American Gaming Association said that total was 10 percent higher than in 2022, which itself was a record-setting year.
  When figures from tribal-owned casinos are released separately later this year, they are expected to show that overall casino gambling brought in close to $110 billion to U.S. casino operators in 2023, a year in which inflation, while receding, still kept things like grocery and energy costs higher than they had been.
  ''From the traditional casino experience to online options, American adults' demand for gaming is at an all-time high,'' said Bill Miller, the association's president and C.E.O.
  Of the 35 states that have commercial casinos, 31 saw revenue increase last year. ASSOCIATED PRESS
  AIR TRAVEL
  Airline Increases Bag Fees And Changes a Flyer Perk
  American Airlines is raising the cost of checking bags and it is making other changes to push customers to buy tickets directly from the airline if they want to earn frequent-flier points.
  The airline said that checking a bag on a domestic flight will rise from $30 now to $35 online and $40 if purchased at the airport. The fee for a second checked bag will rise from $40 to $45 both online and at the airport. American last raised bag fees in 2018.
  At the same time, American announced that starting on May 1, customers will have to buy tickets directly from the airline or its partner carriers or from preferred online travel agencies if they want to earn points in its AAdvantage program. Corporate travelers won't be affected.
  The changes are part of a long shift by airlines away from using travel agents -- and paying them commissions -- and bringing ticket sales in-house. ASSOCIATED PRESS
  RETAIL
  Tough Housing Climate Pinches Home Depot
  Home Depot's sales continued to fade during the fourth quarter as the country's largest home improvement retailer feels the impact of high mortgage rates and inflation on its customers.
  Shares slipped more than 2 percent before the opening bell Tuesday. Rival Lowe's, which reports fourth-quarter earnings next week, fell more than 2 percent.
  Home Depot reported fourth-quarter sales of $34.79 billion, down from $35.83 in the prior-year period. That still beat the $34.55 billion analysts expected.
  ''After three years of exceptional growth for our business, 2023 was a year of moderation,'' C.E.O. Ted Decker said in a prepared statement.
  For the three months ended Jan. 28, Home Depot Inc. earned $2.8 billion, or $2.82 per share. The Atlanta company earned $3.36 billion, or $3.30 per share, a year ago. That topped the $2.77 per share that Wall Street was calling for. ASSOCIATED PRESS

https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/20/business/21bizdigest.html

Graphic

 
PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL REYNOLDS/EPA, VIA SHUTTERSTOCK) This article appeared in print on page B2.               

Load-Date: February 21, 2024


End of Document






Shorter workweek is canary in labor market's coal mine
The Morning Call
January 21, 2024 Sunday
FIRST Edition


Copyright 2024 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Section: MAIN; A; Pg. 12
Length: 814 words
Byline: Conor Sen Bloomberg Opinion
Body


Corporate America has greeted 2024 with a run of job-cut announcements. The reductions, though modest, seem puzzling at a time when the stock market is flirting with all-time highs and real gross domestic product growth continues to be healthy. Think of this as the latest phase in the economy finding a new post-pandemic normal.
A rapid moderation in inflation over the past year has led consumers to begin feeling more optimistic, while markets and the Federal Reserve predict lower policy rates this year. One constituency that isn't necessarily benefiting is corporations, and that's showing up in the labor market. Executives need to see stability in business conditions or an uptick in inflation before having the confidence to accelerate hiring again.
An under-discussed way in which companies have reduced costs is by tightly managing workweeks even while overall job growth has remained respectable. Average weekly hours for employees dropped to 34.3 in December from a pandemic high of 35. Total hours worked in the U.S. did not grow at all in the fourth quarter of 2023 despite the economy adding 494,000 jobs. In fact, the shorter workweek means we've seen only a 0.4% uptick in total hours worked since last January - as if the economy had been adding only about 50,000 jobs per month rather than the 200,000 it actually added.
This caution stems from the reversal of fortune corporations experienced in the past year. In 2022, high inflation was bad news for consumers and financial markets but a boon for companies able to increase prices to paper over any drop in demand.
A good example of this is Home Depot Inc. In the quarter ended May 1, 2022, customer transactions fell 8.2% as consumers shifted their spending from goods to services, but the average purchase price surged 11.4% as rising prices for things like lumber meant customers spent more actual dollars in its stores. This stagflationary situation was bad for the economy, but the bean counters at Home Depot could still show investors that they were growing revenues in a difficult environment.
The deceleration in inflation over the past year means that's no longer the case. Price declines for lumber and other commodities combined with tepid demand means companies no longer have the pricing power they did during the earlier part of the pandemic recovery.
At Home Depot, a 2.4% decline in customer transactions in the quarter ending Oct. 29 from the previous year signaled stabilizing demand, yet average ticket growth turned negative, down 0.3%. Conagra Brands, the maker of Slim Jim meat snacks and Duncan Hines cake mix, said this month that it expects organic sales to fall 1% to 2% in the year ending in around late May, and reduced its operating-margin outlook.
Companies are now scrutinizing the hiring and pay increases of the past few years to protect those profit margins. Home Depot did some modest layoffs last summer, while Nike Inc. ended 2023 saying it would seek as much as $2 billion in cost savings by dismissing workers and simplifying product lines. Airlines - another industry that has lost pricing power over the past few quarters - are looking to reduce domestic flight capacity and manage costs.
What's happening is similar to the dynamic that "pandemic winner" tech companies went through between 2020 and 2022, only not as extreme. Companies in e-commerce and media streaming saw a surge in demand during the early days of the pandemic, which they responded to by hiring a lot and pushing up wages, only to see that demand melt away as the pandemic impacts on the economy faded. The hangover came in 2022, with job cuts and hiring freezes, which continued through 2023 and into this year, too.
For the broader economy, that surge in demand came in 2021 and 2022. Nominal GDP growth was 10.7% in 2021 and 9.1% in 2022, growth rates not experienced in 35 years. Employers added 12 million jobs in the U.S. during those two years.
Nominal growth in 2023's fourth quarter was likely far weaker. Consumer price inflation came in at a 1.8% annualized rate, and trackers like the Atlanta Fed's project real GDP expanding at around 2%. That would mean annualized nominal GDP growth last quarter may have been below 4% - the kind of tepid pace that the U.S. economy saw in the 2010s.
Economists might care more about real GDP growth, but corporate America lives in a world of nominal revenues and nominal profits, and that sharp drop in nominal economic growth has executives looking to cut costs where they can.
The hope is that this is all another temporary phenomenon, just one more phase of the economy shaking off the wild swings of the pandemic era. But continued disinflation will put more pressure on companies to find ways of shedding costs, and hiring freezes and reduced workweeks can quickly turn into something more nasty if demand falls any further.
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

Load-Date: January 21, 2024


End of Document






Shorter workweek is canary in labor market's coal mine
The Hartford Courant
January 21, 2024 Sunday
1 Edition


Copyright 2024 The Hartford Courant Company All Rights Reserved
Section: OTHER; C; Pg. 3
Length: 814 words
Byline: Conor Sen Bloomberg Opinion
Body


Corporate America has greeted 2024 with a run of job-cut announcements. The reductions, though modest, seem puzzling at a time when the stock market is flirting with all-time highs and real gross domestic product growth continues to be healthy. Think of this as the latest phase in the economy finding a new post-pandemic normal.
A rapid moderation in inflation over the past year has led consumers to begin feeling more optimistic, while markets and the Federal Reserve predict lower policy rates this year. One constituency that isn't necessarily benefiting is corporations, and that's showing up in the labor market. Executives need to see stability in business conditions or an uptick in inflation before having the confidence to accelerate hiring again.
An under-discussed way in which companies have reduced costs is by tightly managing workweeks even while overall job growth has remained respectable. Average weekly hours for employees dropped to 34.3 in December from a pandemic high of 35. Total hours worked in the U.S. did not grow at all in the fourth quarter of 2023 despite the economy adding 494,000 jobs. In fact, the shorter workweek means we've seen only a 0.4% uptick in total hours worked since last January - as if the economy had been adding only about 50,000 jobs per month rather than the 200,000 it actually added.
This caution stems from the reversal of fortune corporations experienced in the past year. In 2022, high inflation was bad news for consumers and financial markets but a boon for companies able to increase prices to paper over any drop in demand.
A good example of this is Home Depot Inc. In the quarter ended May 1, 2022, customer transactions fell 8.2% as consumers shifted their spending from goods to services, but the average purchase price surged 11.4% as rising prices for things like lumber meant customers spent more actual dollars in its stores. This stagflationary situation was bad for the economy, but the bean counters at Home Depot could still show investors that they were growing revenues in a difficult environment.
The deceleration in inflation over the past year means that's no longer the case. Price declines for lumber and other commodities combined with tepid demand means companies no longer have the pricing power they did during the earlier part of the pandemic recovery.
At Home Depot, a 2.4% decline in customer transactions in the quarter ending Oct. 29 from the previous year signaled stabilizing demand, yet average ticket growth turned negative, down 0.3%. Conagra Brands, the maker of Slim Jim meat snacks and Duncan Hines cake mix, said this month that it expects organic sales to fall 1% to 2% in the year ending in around late May, and reduced its operating-margin outlook.
Companies are now scrutinizing the hiring and pay increases of the past few years to protect those profit margins. Home Depot did some modest layoffs last summer, while Nike Inc. ended 2023 saying it would seek as much as $2 billion in cost savings by dismissing workers and simplifying product lines. Airlines - another industry that has lost pricing power over the past few quarters - are looking to reduce domestic flight capacity and manage costs.
What's happening is similar to the dynamic that "pandemic winner" tech companies went through between 2020 and 2022, only not as extreme. Companies in e-commerce and media streaming saw a surge in demand during the early days of the pandemic, which they responded to by hiring a lot and pushing up wages, only to see that demand melt away as the pandemic impacts on the economy faded. The hangover came in 2022, with job cuts and hiring freezes, which continued through 2023 and into this year, too.
For the broader economy, that surge in demand came in 2021 and 2022. Nominal GDP growth was 10.7% in 2021 and 9.1% in 2022, growth rates not experienced in 35 years. Employers added 12 million jobs in the U.S. during those two years.
Nominal growth in 2023's fourth quarter was likely far weaker. Consumer price inflation came in at a 1.8% annualized rate, and trackers like the Atlanta Fed's project real GDP expanding at around 2%. That would mean annualized nominal GDP growth last quarter may have been below 4% - the kind of tepid pace that the U.S. economy saw in the 2010s.
Economists might care more about real GDP growth, but corporate America lives in a world of nominal revenues and nominal profits, and that sharp drop in nominal economic growth has executives looking to cut costs where they can.
The hope is that this is all another temporary phenomenon, just one more phase of the economy shaking off the wild swings of the pandemic era. But continued disinflation will put more pressure on companies to find ways of shedding costs, and hiring freezes and reduced workweeks can quickly turn into something more nasty if demand falls any further.
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

Load-Date: January 21, 2024


End of Document






Walmart group sales rise as it attracts higher-income consumers
CE Noticias Financieras English
May 16, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 684 words
Body


Walmart Inc. delivered another quarter of sales growth and said it now expects the full year to be slightly better than planned, as the big-box retailer attracts price-conscious consumers looking for commodities and discounts.
Sales rose 3.8% at U.S. Walmart stores open for at least a year during the quarter ended April 26, more than Wall Street expected. With inflation slowing, the average ticket was flat, but the number of transactions increased 3.8% from a year earlier.
E-commerce was a big driver, increasing 22% over the same period, as well as high-income households, which the retailer said drove most of its gains.
Walmart now expects adjusted earnings to be at the high end or slightly above its original guidance of $2.23 to $2.37 per share and revenue growth of 3% to 4% for the full year. Analysts expect adjusted earnings of $2.37 per share and revenue growth of nearly 4% for the full year.
Shares were up 5% at 7:09 a.m. in New York trading before the start of regular trading. The stock has gained 14% year-to-date through Wednesday's close, outpacing the 11% gain in the S&P 500 index.
Sales growth is being driven by traffic and unit growth, Chief Financial Officer John David Rainey said Thursday in an interview.
"We're seeing customers shift to Walmart," he said of higher-income households that were the largest group behind share gains in nearly every category. "Historically we've been looked at for value, but now it's about value, quality and convenience."
The grocery business has been driving Walmart's growth, although overall merchandise has lagged.
Consumer confidence fell in early May to its lowest level in six months due to concerns about inflation and the labor market, while retail sales stagnated in April.
Still, a measure of core inflation cooled in April for the first time in months, which bodes well for Fed officials looking to begin cutting rates this year.
The fact that consumers are prioritizing commodities over larger, more discretionary purchases has hurt sales at competitors such as Home Depot Inc. and Target Corp.
But as higher-income consumers shift or shop for bargains, Walmart is benefiting from the decision to roll out more discounts and new products and renovate stores. Lower-income consumers are shopping in similar patterns at Walmart, Rainey said, buying more groceries and other necessities than general merchandise.
E-commerce growth
Walmart continues to expand its e-commerce business and shipped about 4.4 billion units for same-day or next-day delivery during the past 12 months, Rainey said.
About 44% of those orders were delivered to customers in less than four hours after placing the order. By comparison, Amazon.com Inc. said last month that it shipped more than 4 billion items to Prime members via same-day or next-day delivery by 2023.
Rainey said the company also has focused on keeping costs down, noting a 4.2% drop in inventory levels in the U.S. during the quarter as supply normalizes after the pandemic.
Earlier this week, Walmart announced plans to close smaller offices and lay off hundreds of employees who still work from home or are unable to relocate to larger office centers.
Most of the relocations will be to the retail giant's corporate headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas, where Walmart is building a 350-acre campus. Some employees may work from offices in the San Francisco Bay Area or Hoboken, New Jersey.
Rainey said the recent relocation moves are about getting staff to work together and that most of the changes will take place in the third quarter of this year.
"We, like many companies, have relaxed those policies during Covid over the last few years and we think it's important to get back together. We see the benefit of that," he said.
Walmart is also investing in non-retail businesses, including advertising, that have faster growth and higher margins than core operations, while exiting areas such as health clinics that are proving costly.
Newer business lines, including its Walmart+ membership program, drove the company's operating income growth during the quarter.
Retail
Walmart
business performance

Load-Date: May 17, 2024


End of Document






Big tech is driving S&;P rally. the rest have to step up soon; Investing
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
June 11, 2024 Tuesday
National Edition


Copyright 2024 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: FP MONEY; Pg. FP4
Length: 923 words
Byline: Jeran Wittenstein and Jessica Menton, National Post
Body


The unceasing growth of Big Tech has been an article of faith for investors since the latest stock market rally began in October 2022.
But with an uninspiring earnings outlook for the rest of 2024, other corners of the market will likely be needed if share prices are to keep soaring.
"To have a similar return for the market in the second half, you'd need to see broader participation," Keith Lerner at Truist Advisory Services said.
That looks like it may happen. Industries such as materials and health care are expected to have roughly 25 per cent profit growth by the fourth quarter after posting contractions of 20 per cent or more in the first quarter.
"I think those sectors are starting to look pretty interesting, and I'm talking about energy, materials, consumer discretionary, industrials, financials," Ohsung Kwon at Bank of America Corp. said. "I think all those cyclical sectors are going to do better in the second half of the year."
That rotation already appears to be underway. At BofA, clients pulled almost US$2.2 billion from tech stocks during the week ended May 31, the second-most going back to 2008. The biggest client inflows went to the consumer discretionary sector, up 1.9 per cent this year, the second worst performer in the S&;P 500.
"Discretionary is traditionally a huge driver of S&;P 500 earnings and a place that typically picks up the slack," Michael Casper at Bloomberg Intelligence said.
CAN'T QUIT TECH
None of this is to say investors will, or should, give up on Big Tech. The S&;P 500 is up 12 per cent this year, and its five biggest stocks - Microsoft Corp., Apple Inc., Nvidia Corp., Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. - are responsible for more than half of that gain with markets captivated by the artificial-intelligence boom.
In the process, those five companies have added a combined US$2.9 trillion in market value in 2024. That's helped make information technology by far the biggest sector in the S&;P 500, with a 31-per-cent weighting. The next closest groups are financials and health care at around 12 per cent.
What's more, it's not like technology companies are done growing. It's just that the pace of their profit expansion is slowing.
In many ways, the companies are suffering from their past success, as their strong 2023 results make for challenging comparisons to 2024. But the businesses are still increasing profits and generating healthy margins after aggressive cost-cutting efforts.
'LOFTY EXPECTATIONS'
"The onus is on Big Tech to live up to lofty expectations," Adam Sarhan, founder of 50 Park Investments, said. "Or else the stock market will be forced to recalibrate and sell off, particularly if profit growth from other sectors doesn't improve from here."
Part of the challenge for tech investors is the stocks are already quite expensive. Nvidia is priced at 40 times profits projected over the next 12 months, compared with 21 times for the S&;P 500. Microsoft is at 33 times, and Apple is at 29 times. Even Alphabet, cheaper at 21 times, is trading above its average over the past 10 years.
"As those non-tech sectors start to grow earnings, the premium that investors were paying for tech should come down on a relative basis compared to other sectors," BofA's Kwon said.
There's also an emerging asymmetry in the direction of Big Tech stocks as the companies'earnings outlooks diverge.
With investors focused on AI, Nvidia has soared ahead of the pack, climbing 144 per cent this year and continuing as the best performer in the S&;P 500. Facebook-parent Meta Platforms Inc. has added 39 per cent, while Google-parent Alphabet has climbed 25 per cent and Amazon has gained 21 per cent.
Microsoft, on the other hand, hasn't really kept up, posting a relatively meagre 13 per cent rise. And then there's struggling Apple, which spent most of the year in the red and is up just 2.3 per cent in 2024.
"The fundamental business lines of each of these companies aren't moving in the same direction anymore like during the recovery from the pandemic, so that's also causing a profit cool down," BI's Casper said. "The Magnificent Seven stocks no longer move as one ubiquitous bloc, and that hurts its earnings potential as a cohort because the trade has now broken up."
PICKING SECTORS Counting on a lift from the rest of the market carries its own risks, however. For example, health-care margins are shaky despite the enthusiasm for anti-obesity drugs because the group is still grappling with charges from big drug companies. Meanwhile, the consumer discretionary sector's earnings growth is being driven by just a handful of companies, such as Amazon and Home Depot Inc.
That means more sectors beyond those will need to post profit growth, particularly consumer discretionary and those closely tied to the health of the economy: industrials and financials, Casper said.
"Consensus earnings forecasts are pretty poor for most retailers not named Amazon," he said.
"Financials and industrials may pick up their pace, though regional banks still face a hangover from (the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank)."
In the end, the stock market's success in 2024 may still come down to Big Tech, directly or indirectly.
"As long as Big Tech companies continue to deliver on their profit outlooks, that bodes well for the economy," 50 Park's Sarhan said. "Which will help power the stock rally further because there are other industries outside of technology that will benefit from AI."
With assistance from Alexandra Semenova. Bloomberg !@COPYRIGHT=© 2024 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

Graphic

 
Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Files; Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang speaks at the firm's AI conference in March. Nvidia has soared, climbing 144 per cent this year and continuing as the best performer in the S&;P 500, Jeran Wittenstein and Jessica Menton write.; 

Load-Date: June 11, 2024


End of Document






Posthaste: Canada's housing correction has likely run its course, say economists
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
February 20, 2024 Tuesday
Web Edition


Copyright 2024 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: NEWS
Length: 1271 words
Byline: Pamela Heaven, Pamela Heaven
Body


Spring came early to Canada's housing market( https://financialpost.com/tag/housing-market/ ).
Home sales rose( https://financialpost.com/real-estate/housing-market-turns-corner-national-sales-jump-january ) for the second month in a row in January, up 3.7 per cent, after four straight months of decline. The latest gains brought sales back to where they were last summer.
"The upturn suggests that the sharp correction triggered by soaring interest rates has likely run its course," said Robert Hogue, an economist with the Royal Bank of Canada( https://thoughtleadership.rbc.com/end-of-the-correction-canadas-housing-market-is-warming-up/?utm_medium=email&;utm_source=salesforce&;utm_campaign=Housing ).
For now prices continue to slip. The MLS Home Price Index fell 1.2 per cent nationally in January from the month before and is now down 5 per cent since August 2023.
Prices dropped in most local markets including Vancouver, Winnipeg, Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, Montreal, Moncton and Halifax. However, Hogue thinks they could be nearing an inflection point as buyers compete for a shrinking inventory of homes for sales.
"We think a bottom could form around mid-year and forecast the national benchmark price to gradually appreciate in the second half of 2024," he said.
Economists with Capital Economics also reckon home prices are "close to their trough."
New listings growth slowed and the sales-to-new-listings ratio points to an annual gain in prices, wrote Olivia Cross, North America economist with Capital.
However, affordability continues to be a challenge. Even with interest rate cuts( https://financialpost.com/tag/interest-rates/ ) over the next year, which Capital expects will be aggressive, affordability will remain more stretched than in any period since the 1990s, said Cross.
Capital predicts home price declines will moderate but prices will stay broadly stagnant this year.
Ontario and British Columbia led the gains in sales, up 18.5 per cent in the Niagara region, 12.6 per cent in Hamilton and 9.6 per cent in Toronto. Sales in the Fraser Valley were up 15.9 per cent, and up 6.7 per cent in Vancouver.
RBC Economics
Hogue does include a word of caution. December and January can be difficult to call because of seasonal influences and moves can be exaggerated, up or down. More data will be needed to get a reliable reading of the trends, he said.
Since gains are coming from historically low levels, the market is still considered slow, Hogue said, except in Alberta and Saskatchewan where sales are 20 to 80 per cent above pre-pandemic levels.
As the Bank of Canada( https://financialpost.com/tag/bank-of-canada/ ) continues to keep interest rates on hold at a two-decade high and affordability remains a challenge, sales and prices will stay subdued in the first half of the year, he predicts.
"But, we think a pivot towards rate cuts mid-year will get the wheels turning faster over the second half - perhaps even sooner," said Hogue. "There will be a lot of pent-up demand to satisfy once confidence returns, which could heat things up in a hurry."
Sign up here( https://view.ceros.com/postmedia-network/posthaste-newsletter-signup/p/1 ) to get Posthaste delivered straight to your inbox.
BMO Economics
Wondering why rents in Canada are breaking records? This chart from Bank of Montreal offers a clue( https://bmoficc.bluematrix.com/sellside/EmailDocViewer?encrypt=7a78abe6-356b-4e23-a5a9-dfa381b7ecf4&;mime=pdf&;co=bmoficc&;id=pheaven@postmedia.com&;source=mail ). In fact, BMO chief economist Douglas Porter says there is "zero mystery."
His chart shows that the population of people 20 to 29 years old - an age when many young people leave home and get their own place - has shot up 6.2 per cent in the past year. That's nearly double Canada's hefty overall population increase, which also broke records.
"We have never seen the young adult population growing anywhere nearly this fast before," Porter wrote. "In the near term, this puts pressure on rents. In the medium term, it will put pressure on home prices. No blame, just fact."
Canada will get its latest reading for inflation( https://financialpost.com/tag/inflation/ ) when the consumer price index for January is released today. The consumer price index rose 3.4 per cent on a year-over-year basis in December, following a 3.1 per cent increase in November.
Innovation Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne will take part in discussions with players from the mining and critical minerals sector
Today's Data: NB/Teranet new home price index
Earnings: Home Depot Inc, Walmart Inc, GFL Environmental Inc, First Quantum Ltd
Get all of today's top breaking stories as they happen with the Financial Post's live news blog,( https://financialpost.com/news/live-news-top-business-stories-february-15-2024 )highlighting the business headlines you need to know at a glance.
BlackBerry wants to be your car's operating system. Will automakers hand it the keys?( https://financialpost.com/feature/blackberry-wants-be-car-operating-system )
What is quantitative tightening and what happens when the Bank of Canada stops it?( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/quantitative-tightening-what-happens-bank-of-canada-ends )
How to build a retirement 'paycheque' to replace your work paycheque( https://financialpost.com/personal-finance/retirement/how-build-retirement-paycheque-replace-work-paycheque )
Canadians jump back into variable mortgages( https://financialpost.com/news/canadian-homebuyers-jump-into-variable-mortgages )
Brace for more pain in commercial real estate( https://financialpost.com/news/brace-for-pain-commercial-real-estate-debt-comes-due )
Wills can be tricky, especially if you know some of your beneficiaries are not going to be happy with your decisions. Lawyer Edward Olkovich says putting in a "no-contest" clause to force people to accept how you divide your property or estate can be either enforced or ignored by courts as contrary to public policy. Find out more( https://financialpost.com/personal-finance/how-ensure-minimal-litigation-among-children-upon-death )
Are you worried about having enough for retirement? Do you need to adjust your portfolio? Are you wondering how to make ends meet? Drop us a line at aholloway@postmedia.com( aholloway@postmedia.com ) with your contact info and the general gist of your problem and we'll try to find some experts to help you out while writing a Family Finance story about it (we'll keep your name out of it, of course). If you have a simpler question, the crack team at FP Answers led by Julie Cazzin or one of our columnists can give it a shot.
McLister on Mortgages
Want to learn more about mortgages? Mortgage strategist Robert McLister's Financial Post column( https://financialpost.com/real-estate/mortgages/robert-mclister-do-the-math-cash-rebates-on-your-mortgage-could-save-you-money ) can help navigate the complex sector, from the latest trends to financing opportunities you won't want to miss. Read them here( https://financialpost.com/category/real-estate/mortgages/ )
Today's Posthaste was written by Pamela Heaven( pheaven@postmedia.com ) with additional reporting from Financial Post staff, The Canadian Press and Bloomberg.
Have a story idea, pitch, embargoed report, or a suggestion for this newsletter? Email us at posthaste@postmedia.com( posthaste@postmedia.com ).
Bookmark our website and support our journalism: Don't miss the business news you need to know - add financialpost.com( https://financialpost.com/ ) to your bookmarks and sign up for our newsletters here( https://financialpost.com/newsletters/ ). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2024 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

Load-Date: February 20, 2024


End of Document
