
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239401924

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Johnson & Johnson and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Johnson & Johnson reaches $700 mln talc case settlement

2. Johnson and Johnson reaches $700-M talc case settlement

3. Johnson & Johnson sued again for fraud in cancer lawsuits

4. RICHARD WILBUR JOHNSON

5. Johnson & Johnson agrees to $700 million settlement over talc products

6. Johnson & Johnson Is Proposing New Talcum Powder Settlement

7. Johnson & Johnson sued by cancer victims alleging 'fraudulent' transfers, bankruptcies

8. Cochran-Johnson, Johnson head to runoff in CEO race

9. US Chamber of Commerce honors Johnson & Johnson for bringing hub to Portugal

10. Cancer-Baby Powders land Johnson & Johnson in US$700 million settlement








Johnson & Johnson reaches $700 mln talc case settlement
Hürriyet Daily News
June 12, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Hürriyet Daily News Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 263 words
Byline: NEW YORK
Body


U.S. pharmaceutical and cosmetics giant Johnson & Johnson has agreed to pay $700 million to settle allegations it misled customers about the safety of its talcum-based powder products, New York's attorney general has announced.
In its settlement with 42 states and the District of Columbia, Johnson & Johnson did not admit wrongdoing, even though it withdrew the product from the North American market in 2020.
The company announced a settlement in principle in January after facing thousands of lawsuits over talcum powder containing traces of asbestos blamed for causing ovarian cancer.
"No amount of money can undo the pain caused by Johnson & Johnson's talc-laced products, but today families can rest assured that the company is being held accountable for the harm it caused," New York Attorney General Letitia James said in a statement.
The state of New York will receive $44 million of the settlement amount, which must be paid in four installments over three years.
In April 2023, the group proposed an $8.9 billion agreement that would "equitably and efficiently resolve all claims arising from cosmetic talc litigation."
J&J said the money would be paid to the tens of thousands of claimants over 25 years through a subsidiary, LTL Management LLC, which was set up to address the claims and has filed for bankruptcy protection.
However, a bankruptcy judge rejected the arrangement.
A summary of studies published in January 2020 and covering 250,000 women in the United States did not find a statistical link between the use of talc on the genitals and the risk of ovarian cancer.

Load-Date: June 12, 2024


End of Document






Johnson and Johnson reaches $700-M talc case settlement
 
Philippines Daily Inquirer
June 12, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Philippines Daily Inquirer All Rights Reserved


Length: 357 words
Body


 US pharmaceutical and cosmetics giant Johnson and Johnson has agreed to pay $700 million to settle allegations it misled customers about the safety of its talcum-based powder products, New York's attorney general announced Tuesday.
In its settlement with 42 states and the District of Columbia, Johnson and Johnson did not admit wrongdoing, even though it withdrew the product from the North American market in 2020.
The New Jersey-based company announced a settlement in principle in January after facing thousands of lawsuits over talcum powder containing traces of asbestos blamed for causing ovarian cancer.
'No amount of money can undo the pain caused by Johnson and Johnson's talc-laced products, but today families can rest assured that the company is being held accountable for the harm it caused,' New York Attorney General Letitia James said in a statement.
READ: JandJ unit files for second bankruptcy to pursue $8.9-B talc settlement
The state of New York will receive $44 million of the settlement amount, which must be paid in four installments over three years.
In a statement to AFP, Johnson and Johnson Worldwide Vice President of Litigation Erik Haas said the company 'continues to pursue several paths to achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc litigation.'
The process 'includes the finalization of a previously announced agreement that the company reached with a consortium of 43 State Attorneys Generals to resolve their talc claims.'
In April 2023, the group proposed an $8.9 billion agreement that would 'equitably and efficiently resolve all claims arising from cosmetic talc litigation.'
READ: JandJ to end global sales of talc-based baby powder
JandJ said the money would be paid to the tens of thousands of claimants over 25 years through a subsidiary, LTL Management LLC, which was set up to address the claims and has filed for bankruptcy protection.
However, a bankruptcy judge rejected the arrangement.
'We will continue to address the claims of those who do not want to participate in our contemplated consensual bankruptcy resolution through litigation or settlement,' Haas added in his statement Tuesday.

Load-Date: June 13, 2024


End of Document






Johnson & Johnson sued again for fraud in cancer lawsuits
CE Noticias Financieras English
May 25, 2024 Saturday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 328 words
Body


The multinational firm, which has diverse products for personal care, health and other branches, Johnson & Johnson, has been sued again, this time for fraud, accusing it of using dilatory maneuvers and fraudulent bankruptcy strategies to avoid responding to the more than 50,000 lawsuits that weigh on it.
This follows a series of lawsuits against the U.S. capital firm for the alleged carcinogenic consequences of its talcum powder products.
This time, five cancer victims have sued the company. The lawsuit, filed in a New Jersey federal court, claims that the bankruptcy strategy implemented by Johnson & Johnson seeks to put billions of dollars out of the plaintiffs' reach, with the goal of "hindering, delaying and defrauding these women by preventing them from having their day in court."

The bankruptcy strategy
The central allegation of the lawsuit lies in Johnson & Johnson's repeated and strategic use of bankruptcy. In 2021, the company created a subsidiary called LLT Management to pool responsibilities related to talcum powder lawsuits. LLT Management subsequently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a legal process that allows companies to restructure their debts and avoid liquidation.
However, this maneuver has not been as successful as expected for Johnson & Johnson. On two previous occasions, the courts have rejected the company's attempts to resolve the claims through LLT Management's bankruptcy, finding that the subsidiary did not meet the financial requirements to qualify for this process.
Despite the court setbacks, Johnson & Johnson appears ready to move forward with its bankruptcy strategy. The company has proposed a plan to pay $6.5 billion over the next 25 years to settle most of the talcum powder lawsuits in the United States.
However, the plaintiffs claim that this plan is a "sham" and that Johnson & Johnson's real intention is to silence them and prevent the truth about the alleged carcinogenic risks of its products from becoming known.


Load-Date: May 26, 2024


End of Document






RICHARD WILBUR JOHNSON
Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)
June 23, 2024 Sunday
ALL EDITION


Copyright 2024 Madison Newspapers, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Section: LOCAL / OBITUARIES; Pg. A21
Length: 404 words
Body


July 25, 1934 - June 2, 2024
FITCHBURG - Richard Wilbur Johnson, age 89, of Fitchburg died on June 2, 2024, of natural causes.
He was born on July 25, 1934, at the St. Cloud Hospital in St. Cloud, MN, and grew up in Big Lake, MN, where he graduated from high school in 1952. He graduated with honors from Princeton University in 1956, and then went on to earn a Ph.D. in Psychology from the University of Minnesota in 1961.
Dick married Adelle Clare Dowidat on Nov. 27, 1959, in Minneapolis, MN, where they met at the office for King Midas Flour Mills while working part-time during school vacations. He and Adelle had four children born in four different states where Dick worked as a teacher and counselor at one of the state universities: (U. of Minnesota-Minneapolis; U. of North Dakota-Grand Forks, U. of Massachusetts-Amherst, and U. of Wisconsin-Madison). He retired from UW-Madison in 1997 as Adjunct Professor Emeritus of Counseling Psychology and as Director of Training at the University Counseling Service.
He enjoyed reading, particularly biographies, genealogical work, buying and selling collectible items, exercise (he played basketball with an exercise group at the UW for 31 years), travel, and writing. He was the co-author (with Albert B. Hood) of a bestselling textbook on psychological assessment in counseling that was published and revised four times over a 20-year period.
Dick is survived by Adelle; his four children: Cynthia Clare Ivy of Scottsdale, AZ, Whitney Richard (Stephanie Stry) Johnson of Cold Spring, MN, Kara Marie (Christian) Schmidt of Verona, WI, and Amy Adelle (Pedro Sanctos) Johnson of Portland, OR; eight grandchildren: Jacob, Caroline, Calia, and Jonah Ivy, Owen and Sonja Johnson, and Gus and Greta Schmidt; and a sister-in-law, Carol Johnson. He was preceded in death by his parents, Albert H. and Florence (White) Johnson, of Big Lake, MN; and a brother, Donald (Betty) Johnson of Rochester, MN; and brother, Gerald Johnson of Ramsey, MN.
A memorial service will be held on July 18, 2024, 11:00 a.m., at Midvale Community Lutheran Church, 4329 Tokay Blvd., Madison, WI. Visitation will be July 17, 2024, from 4:00 - 7:00 p.m. at Cress Funeral Home 3610 Speedway Road.
In lieu of flowers, donations to Alzheimer's Association, UW-Madison, or Midvale Community Lutheran Church would be greatly appreciated.
Obituary, guestbook, photo tribute can be found online at cressfuneralservice.com.

Load-Date: June 23, 2024


End of Document






Johnson & Johnson agrees to $700 million settlement over talc products
The Economic Times
June 13, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: WORLD NEWS
Length: 474 words
Body


Johnson & Johnson has agreed to pay $700 million to settle allegations from 42 US states and Washington, DC, that it misled consumers about the safety of its talc-based products, including baby powder. This agreement comes after extensive scrutiny over claims that these products caused cancer.Details of the AllegationsThe settlement addresses accusations that Johnson & Johnson's talc products, which have been sold for over a century, contained asbestos and led to ovarian cancer and mesothelioma. Despite the settlement, the company has not admitted to any wrongdoing and continues to assert that its talc products are safe and asbestos-free.Statements from Attorneys GeneralFlorida Attorney General Ashley Moody emphasized the significance of the settlement, stating, "This is a major advancement for consumer product safety." 
New York Attorney General Letitia James remarked, "No amount of money can undo the pain caused by Johnson & Johnson's talc-laced products, but today families can rest assured that the company is being held accountable for the harm it caused."Legal Battles and Financial StrategiesJohnson & Johnson has faced approximately 61,490 lawsuits related to its talc products, most of which involve women diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Some plaintiffs also have mesothelioma, a cancer attributed to asbestos exposure. In an effort to manage the litigation, J&J created a subsidiary, LTL Management LLC, to handle talc liabilities and sought bankruptcy protection twice, both of which were rejected by the courts.Settlement Proposal and Financial ReserveOn May 1, Johnson & Johnson proposed a $6.48 billion settlement to resolve most of the litigation through a third bankruptcy filing. The company has set aside an $11 billion reserve to cover all talc liabilities. Erik Haas, J&J's worldwide vice president of litigation, said, "The company continues to pursue several paths to achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc litigation."Withdrawal of Talc-Based ProductsIn 2020, Johnson & Johnson withdrew its talc-based baby powder from the North American market and globally transitioned to corn starch as the primary ingredient. The company reiterated that its products are asbestos-free and safe for use.Ongoing Litigation and Future PlansJohnson & Johnson continues to address claims from those who do not wish to participate in the proposed bankruptcy resolution through litigation or settlement. "We will continue to address the claims of those who do not want to participate in our contemplated consensual bankruptcy resolution through litigation or settlement," Haas added.A summary of studies published in January 2020, covering 250,000 women in the United States, did not find a statistical link between the use of talc on the genitals and the risk of ovarian cancer. For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

Load-Date: June 12, 2024


End of Document






Johnson & Johnson Is Proposing New Talcum Powder Settlement
The New York Times
May 2, 2024 Thursday
Late Edition - Final


Copyright 2024 The New York Times Company
Section: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4
Length: 611 words
Byline: By J. Edward Moreno
Body


The offer is the company's third attempt to resolve tens of thousands of claims that its baby powder caused ovarian cancer and mesothelioma.
Johnson & Johnson said on Wednesday that it would ask tens of thousands of people suing the company over claims that its talcum powder products caused their cancer to approve a new $6.5 billion settlement, its third attempt to resolve the lawsuits. 
  The proposal would settle nearly all current and future claims that its talcum powder products caused ovarian cancer, the company said. Like the previous two efforts -- in 2021 and 2023 -- the new deal will try to use an element of the bankruptcy system to settle the claims.
  Judges have rejected the two previous attempts, on the grounds that bankruptcy court isn't the right venue for them. Johnson & Johnson has said it plans to appeal its most recent bankruptcy rejection up to the Supreme Court, but the company on Wednesday didn't specify why it thought the new effort would survive similar legal challenges to previous ones.
  Representatives for Johnson & Johnson declined to comment beyond its announcement.
  The company has been trying to end a more than a decade-long legal saga over its liability over baby powder, one of its most recognizable products, which thousands claim caused their ovarian cancer and mesothelioma because it is contaminated with asbestos. The company has long denied those claims, but has in recent years stopped selling talc-based baby powder worldwide.
  Last year, Johnson & Johnson proposed an $8.9 billion settlement to resolve 40,000 suits through a subsidiary created in 2021 to absorb the liability from its talc powder lawsuits. The plan was to have the unit file for bankruptcy protection -- turning to the court to then disburse the settlement.
  Lindsey Simon, a bankruptcy professor at Emory University School of Law, said the reason bankruptcy court was an appealing way to settle mass litigation was that it allowed a company to end cases from claimants who did not agree to its offer, and also from future claimants.
  ''The ability of bankruptcy law to force that 25 percent to accept a deal impacting their rights -- current and future claimants -- that's strong medicine,'' she said. ''That's a heavy benefit that's not given lightly. Once it's done there's no going back.''
  A judge rejected that bankruptcy request in July, saying that Johnson & Johnson was not actually in any financial distress, a key requirement for filing for bankruptcy. The first attempt to resolve the issue in bankruptcy was blocked by a judge for the same reason.
  The latest settlement also depends on a Chapter 11 reorganization, by a unit called LLT Management. The company, previously known as LTL Management, was recently reincorporated in Texas, where Johnson & Johnson is poised to file, from New Jersey. Texas courts have in the past taken more lenient stances on the standard for when a company can file for bankruptcy.
  Under the new proposal, claimants would have three months to vote on the plan. If 75 percent of claimants vote in favor, a ''prepackaged'' Chapter 11 bankruptcy will be filed.
  Erik Haas, the head of litigation at Johnson & Johnson, said in the statement on Wednesday that putting the offer to the claimants avoided ''the conflicting financial incentives of the small minority of plaintiff lawyers who stand to receive excessive legal fees outside of a reorganization.''
  Andy Birchfield, a lawyer at Beasley Allen Law Firm who represents claimants, said in a statement on Wednesday that ''any bankruptcy based on this solicitation and vote will be found fraudulent and filed in bad faith under the Bankruptcy Code.''

https://www.nytimes.com/2024/05/01/business/johnson-johnson-talc-settlement.html

Graphic

 
PHOTO: Baby powder by Johnson & Johnson is one of its most recognizable products in cancer allegations. (PHOTOGRAPH BY LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS) This article appeared in print on page B4.               

Load-Date: May 2, 2024


End of Document






Johnson & Johnson sued by cancer victims alleging 'fraudulent' transfers, bankruptcies
USA Today Online
May 23, 2024


Copyright 2024 Gannett Media Corp  All Rights Reserved
Section: PHARMA INDUSTRY NEWS & JOHNSON & JOHNSON NEWS
Length: 716 words
Byline: Jonathan Limehouse, USA TODAY
Body


Cancer victims sued Johnson & Johnson claiming the healthcare company "executed a scheme through a series of corporate transactions" to prevent victims of its "asbestos-contaminated" talcum powder from receiving their day in court and proper compensation. 
The five individuals who filed the proposed class action suit Wednesday in New Jersey federal court seek to represent anyone who, as of Aug. 11, 2023, either had pending litigation alleging asbestos or other ingredients in Johnson & Johnson talcum powder products caused them to develop ovarian cancer or mesothelioma. 
The suit stems from Johnson & Johnson's filing for bankruptcy multiple times, and in different states, to resolve tens of thousands of lawsuits claiming the company's talcum baby powder caused cancer. Earlier this month, Johnson & Johnson announced that a third bankruptcy filing of a subsidiary company would allow it to move forward with a $6.475 billion proposed settlement for the victims, Reuters reported.  
Link to Image
A three-month voting period is underway to reach a consensus settlement for current and future victims who claim the baby powder caused ovarian cancer, which accounts for 99% of talcum-related suits against Johnson & Johnson, according to Reuters. People with talcum-related claims are the ones voting in support or against the settlement, the outlet said. 
“This latest filing – signed again by the same small group of plaintiffs lawyers who have fought every single effort to resolve this litigation to date – is more of the same," Erik Haas, worldwide vice president of litigation for Johnson & Johnson, told USA TODAY in a statement. "The question remains: Why won’t they let claimants decide for themselves what is or is not in their own best interest? Why are they so desperate to stop the vote?
The complaint calls Johnson & Johnson's third bankruptcy filing an "unfulfilled scheme."
Lawsuit: Dollar Tree sued by Houston woman who was sexually assaulted in a store
How did Johnson & Johnson execute the alleged scheme?
The suit says Johnson & Johnson used a "Texas two-step" maneuver to commit fraud and stop victims' lawsuits. The tactic involved the company putting its talcum liabilities and other valuable assets into a new subsidiary only to file for bankruptcy two days later in 2021, according to the complaint.
The bankruptcy stopped suits from moving ahead against Johnson and Johnson, although the company did not file for bankruptcy itself, Reuters reported. Courts did ultimately rule that Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiary were not struggling financially, therefore they were not eligible for bankruptcy, according to the outlet. 
Two other tactics allegedly used by Johnson & Johnson are called "asset stripping fraud” and "bait-and-switch fraud," the suit says. Both methods involved the company dumping or cutting funds and assets, the complaint continued. 
All three "connected fraudulent transfers" aimed to achieve the same goal of "hindering and delaying tort victims from recovery against (Johnson & Johnson) and its operating subsidiaries," the complaint says. 
'Make no mistake, the facts are clear'
Regardless of the recent suit's allegations, Johnson & Johnson's focus remains to settle the suits brought against its company.
"Make no mistake, the facts are clear," Haas said in his statement to USA TODAY. "The Company has offered one of the largest resolutions in the history of mass tort litigation. It has prevailed in 16 of 17 ovarian cancer trials, including every ovarian trial for the past six years."
The company has reached separate settlements with law firms repping mesothelioma patients and with U.S. states who accused the company of failing to warn consumers about how dangerous its talcum products could be, Reuters reported. In a recent trial, a judge ordered Johnson and Johnson to pay $45 million in a mesothelioma case while winning an ovarian cancer case, according to the outlet.
"Our focus has been and will remain reaching a full, fair and final resolution of this litigation, and allowing the claimants to speak for themselves," Haas said. "We will immediately move to dismiss this latest ‘hail Mary’ frivolous filing.”
This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: Johnson & Johnson sued by cancer victims alleging 'fraudulent' transfers, bankruptcies

Load-Date: May 23, 2024


End of Document






Cochran-Johnson, Johnson head to runoff in CEO race
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
May 22, 2024 Wednesday
Main Edition


Copyright 2024 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


Section: MAIN; Pg. 2A
Length: 634 words
Byline: Sara Gregory , sara.gregory@ajc.com

Staff
Highlight: DEKALB COUNTY CEO
Body


Former Commissioners Lorraine Cochran-Johnson and Larry Johnson appear to be the top vote-getters in the three-way race to become DeKalb County’s next chief executive officer.
Cochran-Johnson, who would be the first African-American woman to hold the job if elected, garnered the most votes but fell short of clinching the 50% threshold needed to avoid a runoff, according to unofficial results.
The former District 7 commissioner is vying to succeed a term-limited Michael Thurmond.
She ran against fellow commissioners Steve Bradshaw and Larry Johnson, who came in second.
He and Cochran-Johnson will now head to a June 18 runoff, and because no Republicans filed to run, the position will go to whichever Democrat wins.
Cochran-Johnson, 54, was first elected in 2018 and represented the eastern half of the county until earlier this year, when she was required to step down in order to run for CEO.
She won every precinct in her former district except two, according to unofficial results, and led in 156 out of 191 precincts countywide.
The only part of the county where she didn’t dominate was southwestern DeKalb’s District 3.
Johnson won most of the precincts there, where he’s served as commissioner for the past 22 years.
Bradshaw, who is wrapping up his second term as central DeKalb’s District 4 commissioner, was the top fundraiser in the race and had the endorsements of numerous elected officials throughout DeKalb. Still, he finished far behind the other two.
He and Cochran-Johnson frequently found themselves at odds on the campaign trail, each critical of the other’s ability to lead the county.
Cochran-Johnson has said that of the three candidates, her track record as commissioner shows she will be the most productive if given the CEO’s office.
She has focused on public safety initiatives since her election in 2018, first introducing legislation imposing a moratorium on dollar store developments — frequent crime sites — and then pushing legislation requiring video surveillance at other high-crime locations like gas stations and convenience stores.
If elected, Cochran-Johnson has said she will focus on economic growth, housing affordability and improving the county’s responsiveness to residents.
As the county’s longest-serving commissioner, Johnson has highlighted the value of that experience throughout the campaign.
He’s also touted his service as past president of the National Association of Counties, saying it gave him critical connections with other leaders at the state and national level who can help and advise him.
Johnson took a community organizing approach to his time as commissioner, preferring to be out and about instead of behind a desk. He has said he would continue that approach if elected CEO and would prioritize health initiatives, including violence prevention.
In other races, incumbents were easily re-elected to their commission seats.
In District 1, Commissioner Robert Patrick faced a challenge from Andy Yeoman, a former Doraville council member. In District 5, which covers Southeast DeKalb, Commissioner Mereda Davis Johnson bested Gina Smith Mangham.
The two sitting commissioners won their races by more than a two-thirds margin, according to unofficial results. District 6 Commissioner Ted Terry, whose district covers the western half of the county, was unopposed and also re-elected.
Along with the CEO election, the District 4 commission race is also headed to a run-off. Four people were vying to replace Bradshaw, whose second term ends this year.
Chakira Johnson, a former Stone Mountain council member and an engineer for the city of South Fulton, was the top vote-getter in the race. Lance Hammonds, a real estate agent and president of the Dekalb County branch of the NAACP, came in second.
AJC staff writer Charles Minshew contributed to this report.

Load-Date: May 22, 2024


End of Document






US Chamber of Commerce honors Johnson & Johnson for bringing hub to Portugal
CE Noticias Financieras English
June 26, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 316 words
Body


       The United States Chamber of Commerce (AmCham Portugal) has honored the Portuguese subsidiary of Janssen - a pharmaceutical company in the Johnson & Johnson group now known as Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine - for attracting the global "medical safety hub" to Portugal.
In a statement sent to newsrooms on Wednesday, Johnson & Johnson Innovative Medicine Portugal said it had received the AmCham Tribute award for its"contribution to strengthening economic, investment and trade relations between Portugal and the United States".
    The attraction of the global "medical safety" hub to Portugal, reported by Negócios, as well as the strategy of attracting clinical trials to the country were the "key" to the award of this distinction to the company, "the only one so far with two AmCham Tributes".
            Read Also Johnson & Johnson brings "hub" to Portugal The "hub" that J&J Innovative Medicine has managed to attract to Portugal "will support the safe use of the group's medicines on a global scale", in an investment that, according to the company, "means the generation of highly qualified jobs, the export of knowledge from Portugal and the reinforcement of the company's commitment to the country, which is already more than 40 years old".
"We want to continue to put Portugal on Johnson & Johnson's investment map, aiming to be active and mobilizing agents so that the country becomes more agile, less bureaucratic and more predictable, making it more appealing to investment. This will also be fundamental to reinforcing our commitment as a group," says the general director of J&J Innovative Medicine Portugal, Filipa Mota e Costa, quoted in the same press release.
In February, she told Negócios that, initially, the hub would have "around two dozen professionals".            Read also Johnson & Johnson profits 32,440 million euros. Almost twice as much as in 2022       

Load-Date: June 27, 2024


End of Document






Cancer-Baby Powders land Johnson & Johnson in US$700 million settlement
The Herald (Ghana)
June 12, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 The Herald. Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 1164 words
Byline: razak.bawa
Body


Johnson & Johnson (J&J) has agreed to pay $700 million, to settle an investigation by 42 U.S. states and Washington, D.C. into its marketing of baby powder and other talc-based products blamed for allegedly causing cancer.
The settlement, resolves charges that Johnson & Johnson, misled consumers into believing its talc products, which it sold for more than a century before stopping, were safe.
J&J, did not admit wrongdoing in settling with the states, which were led by Florida, North Carolina and Texas, and has said its talc products are safe and do not cause cancer. The company announced a settlement in principle in January.
"This is a major advancement for consumer product safety," Florida Attorney General Ashley Moody said in a statement.
J&J still faces tens of thousands of talc lawsuits, and a class action accusing the New Brunswick, New Jersey-based company of fraudulently hiding their dangers from shareholders.#
As of March 31, about 61,490 people were still suing J&J over talc. Most were women with ovarian cancer, while a smaller number had mesothelioma, a type of cancer linked to asbestos.
J&J stopped selling talc-based baby powder globally last year, switching to corn starch as the main ingredient. It has maintained that its products do not contain asbestos.
The company has twice tried to resolve the litigation by placing into bankruptcy a subsidiary it created to contain its talc liabilities, but courts rebuffed both attempts.
On May 1, J&J, proposed a $6.48 billion settlement to resolve most of the litigation through a third bankruptcy filing. It has set aside an $11 billion reserve to cover all talc liabilities.
"The company continues to pursue several paths to achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc litigation," Erik Haas, J&J worldwide vice president of litigation, said in a statement on Tuesday.
"We will continue to address the claims of those who do not want to participate in our contemplated consensual bankruptcy resolution through litigation or settlement," he added.
Attorney General Matthew J. Platkin and the Division of Consumer Affairs, together with 42 other Attorneys General, yesterday announced that they reached a $700 million nationwide settlement with Johnson & Johnson to resolve allegations related to the marketing of talc-based baby powder and body powder products. As part of that settlement, New Jersey will receive just over $30.2 million.
The states allege that for decades, the company deceptively marketed the products to women and teenage girls as safe, pure, and gentle for daily use, including around the genital area, despite knowing that studies and other information showed that Johnson & Johnson's Baby Powder and Shower to Shower Powder were sometimes tainted with carcinogenic asbestos and that women who used talc-based powders in the genital area had an increased risk of ovarian cancer compared to those women who did not.
The lawsuits filed today by the states were settled with simultaneous consent judgements. As part of those settlements, Johnson & Johnson is prohibited from promoting, manufacturing, selling, and distributing talc powder products in the United States.
The lawsuit details how as far back as the 1950s, Johnson & Johnson was aware of the potential for asbestos in its products.
Over the ensuing decades, other manufacturers began to place warning labels on their talc-based products and eventually switched to cornstarch, but Johnson & Johnson refused to make any changes to its marketing and advertising and even went so far as to make a concerted effort to target African American and Latina women in its campaigns to reverse declining sales.
These deceptive promotions and misleading advertisements are violations of the New Jersey Consumer Fraud Act.
"The company blatantly promoted the products as safe and pure while possessing internal information about a carcinogen and while ignoring mounting external evidence about possible health effects," said Attorney General Platkin. "I am gratified that we achieved this settlement for the sake of many consumers who were injured by Johnson & Johnson's actions. This is an egregious betrayal of consumer trust that never should have happened."
"New Jersey has robust laws to protect consumers from fraud and deceit in the marketplace. Johnson & Johnson violated those laws with its deceptive and misleading marketing efforts that concealed the serious health risks associated with its talc-based powders," said Cari Fais, Acting Director of the Division of Consumer Affairs.
"Today's settlement holds Johnson & Johnson responsible for its campaign of deception and for targeting Black and Latina women with a product that it knew would put them at risk."
The company did not stop U.S. sales of Johnson's Baby Powder until May 2020, months after the Food and Drug Administration discovered asbestos in a bottle of the powder. More recently, the company ended global sales of the talc-based powder.
While this lawsuit targeted the deceptive marketing of these products, numerous other lawsuits filed by private plaintiffs in class actions raised allegations that talc causes serious health issues, including mesothelioma and ovarian cancer.
Yesterday's settlement, filed in the Chancery Division of the Superior Court in Mercer County, is pending judicial approval and is not connected to the other lawsuits.
Under the consent judgment, Johnson & Johnson agreed to:
· Cease and not resume the manufacturing, marketing, promotion, sale, and distribution of all baby and body powder products and cosmetic powder products that contain talcum powder, including, but not limited to, Johnson's Baby Powder and Johnson & Johnson's Shower to Shower product in the United States;
· Permanently stop the manufacture of any of these products in the United States either directly, or indirectly through any third party;
· Permanently end the products' marketing and promotion in the United States either directly, or indirectly through any third party; and
· Permanently stop the sale or distribution of the products in the United States either directly, or indirectly through any third party.
Texas, Florida, and North Carolina led the multistate settlement, with Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, District of Columbia, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin joining.
Deputy Attorney General Cathleen O'Donnell and Deputy Attorney General/Section Chief Jesse J. Sierant of the Consumer Fraud Prosecution Section within the Division of Law's Affirmative Civil Enforcement Practice Group represented the State in this matter.
The post Cancer-Baby Powders land Johnson & Johnson in US$700 million settlement appeared first on The Herald ghana.

Load-Date: June 12, 2024


End of Document
