
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239402099

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: JPMorgan Chase & Co and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. JPMorgan Chase Commits $720,000 to LISC Charlotte to Strengthen Small Businesses and Entrepreneurs in Charlotte‘s Historic West End

2. Goodbye Tesla ? JP Morgan takes away the first place in market capitalization, what does it mean?

3. $80M building in Birmingham has major anchor tenant

4. Wall Street indices resume upward trend and close near record highs

5. Largest US Bank Jpmorgan Chase to Deepen Partnerships With the African Development Bank Group [announcement]

6. JPMorgan Chase boss Jamie Dimon bullish on AI, not so much on economic 'soft landing'

7. America ’s largest bank invests in Britain ’s poor

8. JPMorgan reshuffles its executive leadership and shakes up the race to succeed Jamie Dimon

9. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon calls for US to strengthen position as world leader

10. Banks seeking to make new branches less intimidating








JPMorgan Chase Commits $720,000 to LISC Charlotte to Strengthen Small Businesses and Entrepreneurs in Charlotte‘s Historic West End
The Mecklenburg Times
June 8, 2024 Saturday


Copyright 2024 BridgeTower Media All Rights Reserved


Section: NEWS
Length: 739 words
Byline: Staff Report
Body


LISC Charlotte announced it has received a $720,000 commitment from JPMorgan Chase to advance development inCharlotte’sHistoric West End (HWE) community.The philanthropic capital will serve residents and small business owners in the Beatties Ford Road corridor by providing access to capital, technical assistance and improving opportunities for underrepresented developers in commercial revitalization.
“We appreciate this meaningful investment made by JPMorgan Chase,” said LISC Charlotte Executive Director Ralphine Caldwell. “They were early investors in the Beatties Ford Road corridor, and their partnership with our organization, grassroots leaders, local government and other private investors speaks to their continued leadership and willingness to respond to the needs of the community. ”
Building on existing funding from Knight Foundation, Fifth Third Bank and the City of Charlotte, the investment from JPMorgan Chase willfund commercial stabilization and wealth building strategies for business owners within the HWE. The commitment from JPMorgan Chase allocates$250,000 to the LISC Charlotte Emerging Developer Loan Fund to support developers with commercial, mixed-use, or residential projects. Other focuses of the commitment include:
  Supplying technical assistance tolegacybrick-and-mortar businesses;
  Delivering faade improvement resources to businesses; and
  Providing business planning support to a planned, employee-owned food co-op (currently in development).
“JPMorgan Chase is committed to helping Charlotte’s small businesses and entrepreneurs realize their full potential for economic growth and prosperity,” said Suganthi Simon, JPMorgan Chase’s head of Global Philanthropy for the mid-South. “Small businesses are not only the fabric of our nation, they are the foundation of wealth building in historically underserved communities, like the Historic West End. We are proud to stand alongside LISC Charlotte as we continue to help this community thrive. ”
LISC Charlotte works with grassroots organizations, small businesses, commercial developers, and community residents to provide lending, grants, and technical and capacity building assistance.LISC Charlotte will leverage the investment from JPMorgan Chase to support existing HWE community development initiatives. The organization has raised more than $60 million since 2019 for community development initiatives and projects in Charlotte.
“My development at 1800 Rozzelles Ferry Road would not have been possible without public and private participation,” said Dianna Ward, co-owner of Sankofa Partners. “Buildings in areas like West Charlotte have the potential to be great community spaces, but upfitting them is sometimes so costly that tenants who are not necessarily adding to the community are selected, versus those who will help neighborhoods to progress. Support from private enterprises allows ordinary people to create extraordinary communities, while maintaining the character of the neighborhood. ”
In 2021, Chase opened a branch on Beatties Ford Road in the Historic West End community. In addition, since 2019, the firm has made $6.4 million in philanthropic contributions to nonprofit organizations in the state, including $750,000 awarded to Johnson C. Smith University to support financial services career programs for students. This year alone, the firm has also helped more than 390 small businesses in North Carolina with the capital they need to grow and thrive and provided them with more than 28,000 hours of advice and support.
About LISC
Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) is a 40-year Community Development Financial Institution (CDFI) committed to comprehensive community development, including investing capital and resources into small businesses, economic development, affordable housing, health & safety, sports & recreation, and education, as well as building the capacity of non-profit partners. LISC Charlotte's economic development strategy focuses on providing resources to minority developers for commercial projects, creating jobs, and supporting small business activity in our target neighborhood, Historic West End. Since opening its office in March 2019, LISC Charlotte has invested over $60 million in Charlotte in partnership with the city, philanthropic leaders, corporations and community organizations. For more, visitwww.lisc.org/charlotte.
Copyright © 2024 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

Load-Date: June 13, 2024


End of Document






Goodbye Tesla? JP Morgan takes away the first place in market capitalization, what does it mean?
CE Noticias Financieras English
March 14, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 465 words
Body



Tesla cedes the first place to JPMorgan in market capitalization, but what does this fall mean for the electric car manufacturer, and why did JPMorgan Chase surpass Elon Musk 's company in market capitalization? Let's see all the details that will make us understand better.
The electric vehicle manufacturer, Tesla has experienced a significant drop in its stock market valuation in 2024, as Tesla's market capitalization stands at around $540 billion, while JPMorgan Chase 's is close to $570 billion.
The news has caused uncertainty for some financial analysts as it represents the first time since January 2023 that Tesla is below JPMorgan Chase in terms of market capitalization.
The reasons behind this change are as follows:
Decline in the value of Tesla shares - Tesla shares have experienced a 32% drop so far in 2024. This decline is due to a number of factors, including concerns about competition in the electric vehicle market, slowing global economic growth and rising interest rates.
JPMorgan Chase stock value increase: JPMorgan Chase shares are up 12% so far in 2024. This increase is due to the bank' s strong inflow in the last quarter, with earnings up 14%.
Tesla's drop in market cap is due to a combination of a decline in the value of its stock and an increase in the value of JPMorgan Chase shares. In addition we share with you other factors that may have contributed to this change include:
- Tesla's strategy of cutting prices to boost demand, which some analysts believe is losing effectiveness.
- Increasing competition in the electric vehicle market, with new competitors such as Rivian and Lucid Motors entering the scene.
- Concerns about the global economy and rising interest rates, which could negatively affect EV sales.
This change in market capitalization is not necessarily an indicator of the long-term success or failure of either company. The business landscape is dynamic and can change rapidly. In the future, Tesla could once again surpass JPMorgan Chase in market capitalization, or vice versa.
What is Tesla?
Tesla, Inc. is an American manufacturer of electric vehicles and clean energy companies based in Austin, Texas. The company was founded in 2003 by Elon Musk, JB Straubel and Martin Eberhard.
Tesla specializes in the production of high-end electric cars, such as Model S, Model 3, Model Y and Model X. In addition, the company offers solar power and energy storage solutions through Tesla Energy.
What is JPMorgan Chase?
JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational bank headquartered in New York City. It is the largest bank in the United States by total assets and the second largest in the world.
JPMorgan Chase offers a wide range of financial services, including commercial banking, investment banking, asset management and brokerage services.


Load-Date: March 15, 2024


End of Document






$80M building in Birmingham has major anchor tenant
Crain's Detroit Business
May 20, 2024
Print Version


Copyright 2024 Crain Communications All Rights Reserved


Section: Pg. 8; Vol. 40
Length: 543 words
Byline: Kirk Pinho
Body


Construction on an $80 million, four-story mixed-use building in downtown Birmingham has begun, starting with demolition.
Developer Ron Boji's new project on East Brown Street west of Old Woodward Avenue, next door to the new RH (formerly Restoration Hardware) store under construction, comes armed with a splashy new anchor tenant: New York City-based JPMorgan Chase & Co., which is taking all 42,000 square feet of office and commercial space on the first and second floors as it consolidates a pair of nearby Oakland County offices into one. Wealth management and commercial banking services will be offered in the space.
Boji - noting that his Boji Group was founded on May 8, 1998, almost 26 years ago to the day, and celebrated its new Birmingham headquarters on May 8, 2023 - said construction on the 135,000-square-foot building should wrap up in April 2026. Demolition of the existing buildings on the property is underway.
The property had been owned by an entity registered to Kathleen Trott, wife of former Republican Congressman David Trott. Boji said David Trott is a development partner on the project. It is now owned by 370 Brown LLC, a Boji affiliate.
JPMorgan Chase is moving from 1116 W. Long Lake Road at Telegraph Road in Bloomfield Hills and the Munder Capital Center building at 480 Pierce St. in downtown Birmingham to be the anchor tenant in Boji's project, called 370 Brown, the developer said. More than 200 employees could ultimately be housed in the building.
In a news release, Terrah Opferman, Michigan region manager of middle market banking for JPMorgan Chase, said the bank's 90-plus-year presence in the region is "further strengthened" by the new office.
CoStar Group Inc., a Washington, D.C.-based real estate information service, says JPMorgan Chase takes about 15,100 square feet in the Munder building and all of the 27,900-square-foot Bloomfield Hills building.
In addition to the office and commercial space, there are 28 luxury apartments commanding rents of $6 per square foot or so, Boji said. They are primarily two- and three-bedroom units that are expected to be second or third residences, with half on the third floor and the other 14 on the fourth.
There is also expected to be rooftop amenities like a water feature, cabanas, an eco-grass lawn and grills and firepits, the release says.
In the release, Boji said 370 Brown "represents a significant step forward in our mission to blend strong economic development with understated exclusivity. This development isn't just a building; it will help create a dynamic lifestyle designed to thrive."
The building has been in the works for years.
Victor Saroki, the project's architect, said in the release that the development team worked to integrate 370 Brown with the under- construction RH site with things like walkways and courtyards "that enhance pedestrian movement not only for building users, but for people in adjacent buildings and the general public."
Detroit-based Sachse Construction is the general contractor. Dallas-based CBRE Inc.'s local office in Southfield represented JPMorgan Chase in the lease. Lutz Real Estate Investments, based in Birmingham, is managing and leasing the residential space to tenants, and Boji Group manages the commercial space.

Load-Date: May 23, 2024


End of Document






Wall Street indices resume upward trend and close near record highs
CE Noticias Financieras English
July 12, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 244 words
Body


The main indicators on the New York Stock Exchange resumed their ascent on Friday (12), determined to move forward despite poor results from banks and disappointing inflation data amid expectations of an easing of US monetary policy.
The main index, the Dow Jones industrial index, rose 0.62% to 40,000.90 points, just short of a record close set in May. For its part, the Nasdaq technology index rose 0.63% to close at 18,398.45 units, and the S&P 500 broad index - of the 500 leading companies - gained 0.55% to end at 5,615.35 points.
The producer price index in the United States rose 0.2% on a monthly basis in June, more than expected, according to data from the Labor Department.
However, Friday's data was not bad enough to eclipse the previous day's Consumer Price Index (CPI) report, which boosted expectations of interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve (Fed, central bank), analysts said.
"Yesterday's drop seems to be a one-off and is not leading to more selling," said Adam Sarhan, of consultancy 50 Park Investments, who considers the current dynamic to be bullish.
Large banks such as Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase also presented unconvincing data on various aspects of their activities.
The most affected large bank, in terms of profits, was Wells Fargo, which fell 6.0% as it reported lower profits due in part to a decrease in net interest income.
In turn, both Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase fell by more than 1%.
J.P. MORGAN CHASE & CO
WELLS FARGO & COMPANY

Load-Date: July 13, 2024


End of Document






Largest US Bank Jpmorgan Chase to Deepen Partnerships With the African Development Bank Group [announcement]
African Development Bank
April 04, 2024


Copyright 2024 African Development Bank Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media All Rights Reserved
Length: 780 words
Body


African Development Bank Senior Vice-President Bajabulile Swazi Tshabalala, has held talks with a high-level delegation from JPMorgan Chase, the largest US bank, on potential partnership between the two institutions.
The delegation from JPMorgan Chase, led by Masha Gloukhovski, Global Head of the Public Sector, included Olivier Eweck, Head of the Public Sector for Sub-Saharan Africa, Gabriel Syed, Vice President for emerging markets, and Sjoerd Leenart, Global Head of Corporate Banking. The team conveyed JPMorgan's interest in collaborating with the African Development Bank Group, particularly on trade and the private sector, and project funding operations. The meeting took place on March 22.
"We are also very interested in providing long-term financing, as far as possible in local currencies, provided we have a guarantee from the Bank," said Eweck. The US Bank currently works with the Bank Group on capital market transactions. It is considering leveraging the Bank's guarantee instruments to increase funding to eligible African countries, particularly low-income states.
Ms. Tshabalala spoke about efforts to partner with other development institutions to mobilise resources to help combat climate change in Africa amid regional and global challenges. She highlighted the impacts of the African Development Bank window, which offers financing and support to middle-income countries, and the African Development Fund, which provides concessional funding to low-income countries and transitional countries.
The Senior Vice President said the Bank Group had just approved a new ten-year strategy, which aims to accelerate inclusive and climate-resilient growth, and plans to strengthen partnerships with multilateral development banks in line with the global quest for them to become "better, bigger and more efficient."
She welcomed JPMorgan Chase's desire to invest more in Africa, stating that the Bank Group was ready to strengthen its partnership while being mindful that some of the activities under the collaboration do not create "systemic risks" for either institution. "One of the Bank's major objectives was to mobilize private-sector funding for development in Africa," she stressed.
Max Magor Ndiaye, the Bank Group's Director of Syndication, Co-financing and Client Solutions, said JP Morgan and others could support the Bank's commitment to low-income nations eligible under the African Development Fund criteria and those facing challenges, including transition countries.
Ms Tshabalala questioned the refusal of certain investment banks to share the risks even when governments comply with the rules. As a result, she said, governments often suffer significant consequences of external shocks such as the Covid-19 pandemic.
"JPMorgan has its own approach, and we are here for the long term. While our work has an impact in periods of prosperity, it is particularly important in more difficult times," said Eweck. "We are committed for the long term."
Gloukhovski stressed: "We are a profit-making institution. So, it's a challenge for us. And we need better coverage. So, it's important to adopt a holistic approach."
Ahmed Rashad Attout, Bank Group acting director for financial sector development department, lauded JPMorgan Chase's interest in doing more in Africa. "The future is genuinely positive for Africa, and I think that you are making a very good strategic decision to be in Africa at this time because the future belongs to it. The demand for capital market solutions is increasing," said Attout, who has worked with JP Morgan on some Bank operations in the capital market.
Emphasising that ADF country donors would not continue to provide money for concessional financing forever, Valerie Dabady, division manager for the resource mobilisation department , commented that the African Development Fund - which achieved a record replenishment of its funds of $8.9 billion in 2022- was authorized to raise additional funding on the capital market, which means that it must be credit rated, she explained.
She highlighted the Bank Group's expertise as Africa's premier development finance institution. "And if you are looking to establish a base in Africa, we are the skilled partner you need," she assured, adding that JPMorgan Chase could work with the Bank through its many trust funds.
Members of the Bank team invited JPMorgan Chase to participate in the upcoming Africa Investment Forum Market Days scheduled for December 2024 in Rabat, Morocco. The Africa Investment Forum, an investment platform established by the Bank Group and seven other partners, advances projects to bankability, raises capital, and accelerates deals to financial closure.

Load-Date: April 5, 2024


End of Document






JPMorgan Chase boss Jamie Dimon bullish on AI, not so much on economic 'soft landing'
The Deseret News
April 11, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 The Deseret News Publishing Co.  All Rights Reserved
Section: SECURITIES INDUSTRY NEWS, SECURITIES INDUSTRY NEWS & JPMORGAN CHASE NEWS
Length: 888 words
Byline: Art Raymond
Body


Alex Brandon Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co., speaks during a Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee oversight hearing to examine Wall Street firms on Capitol Hill, Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2023, in Washington. 1
In his widely watched annual letter to investors, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon shared his belief that emerging artificial intelligence tools will have transformational impacts at the same level as other benchmark technology advancements like the printing press and steam engine. He further warned that ongoing international conflicts and political maneuvering make predicting the coming economic year sketchy at best and reiterated his belief that Wall Street is overconfident when it comes to a national economic "soft landing" following the last few years of inflationary pressures riding an overheated U.S. economy.
JPMorgan Chase is currently the largest U.S. bank by assets with around $3.4 trillion under management, a figure that also places it as the fifth largest bank in the world. Dimon, who's held down the top executive spot since 2006, noted the ongoing resilience of the U.S. economy, with annual inflation continuing to ladder down after hitting a 40-year high of 9.1% in June 2022, robust consumer spending and job growth outpacing expectations.
A bumpy landing?
But he said the momentum has been backstopped with federal deficit spending and stimulus funding that continues to flow into the economy long after disbursements ended, even as other funding needs arise.
"The U.S. economy continues to be resilient, with consumers still spending, and the markets currently expect a soft landing," Dimon wrote Monday. "It is important to note that the economy is being fueled by large amounts of government deficit spending and past stimulus. There is also a growing need for increased spending as we continue transitioning to a greener economy, restructuring global supply chains, boosting military expenditure and battling rising health care costs. This may lead to stickier inflation and higher rates than markets expect."
Dimon said while the markets appear to be pricing on expectations of a 70-80% probability of an economic soft landing, a target the Federal Reserve is hoping to hit as it ponders potential downward adjustments to its federal funds rates, he believes the chances of actually accomplishing that are "a lot lower."
"Many key economic indicators today continue to be good and possibly improving, including inflation," Dimon wrote. "But when looking ahead to tomorrow, conditions that will affect the future should be considered. For example, there seems to be a large number of persistent inflationary pressures, which may likely continue. All of the following factors appear to be inflationary: ongoing fiscal spending, remilitarization of the world, restructuring of global trade, capital needs of the new green economy, and possibly higher energy costs in the future (even though there currently is an oversupply of gas and plentiful spare capacity in oil) due to a lack of needed investment in the energy infrastructure."
The potential power of AI
While Dimon's eye on the domestic and global economic environment bends toward wary, he's enthusiastically embraced emerging artificial intelligence software and tools on multiple fronts.
Dimon said his firm has built its in-house AI and machine learning proficiency substantially over the past seven years with a workforce that now includes 2,000 AI/ML experts and data scientists. All that firepower has fueled JPMorgan Chase's adoption of new tools across a wide variety of banking and investment operations, according to Dimon.
"We have been actively using predictive AI and ML for years - and now have over 400 use cases in production in areas such as marketing, fraud and risk - and they are increasingly driving real business value across our businesses and functions," Dimon wrote. "We're also exploring the potential that generative AI (GenAI) can unlock across a range of domains, most notably in software engineering, customer service and operations, as well as in general employee productivity."
In an interview last August, JPMorgan Chase chief operating officer Daniel Pinto said the firm has plans to invest $1 billion or more per year in artificial intelligence. In his communique to investors, Dimon said the technology is poised to drive extraordinary changes and could even match the impacts of some of the biggest technological benchmarks in history.
"While we do not know the full effect or the precise rate at which AI will change our business - or how it will affect society at large - we are completely convinced the consequences will be extraordinary and possibly as transformational as some of the major technological inventions of the past several hundred years: Think the printing press, the steam engine, electricity, computing and the Internet, among others," Dimon wrote.
During a visit to Salt Lake City last month, Dimon told the Deseret News that JPMorgan Chase has expanded its operations in the state during his tenure as CEO and offered praise for Utah's business climate.
"You have growing innovation hub and a positive, pro-business environment that's dealing with its problems," Dimon said. "Collaboration between business and government is key. That's how you keep expanding."

Load-Date: April 11, 2024


End of Document






America’s largest bank invests in Britain’s poor
thetimes.co.uk
May 13, 2024 Monday 11:01 PM GMT


Copyright 2024 News International Ltd All Rights Reserved


Length: 362 words
Byline: Ben Martin, Banking Editor
Highlight: JPMorgan Chase will spend £40m to improve access to job opportunities and help Britons who are struggling
Body


America’s largest bank has pledged a further £40 million in philanthropic investments in the UK over five years in a sign of its increasing focus on Britain. The commitment by JPMorgan Chase includes £24 million for measures to improve access to job opportunities, by backing non-profit groups that help disadvantaged young people to start careers and setting up schemes to give people a taste of life at JPMorgan.
An additional £16 million has been earmarked to help Britons who are struggling financially. As part of this, the bank is teaming up with organisations including Fair4All Finance that seek to bolster access to affordable credit for people on lower incomes and will also develop tools aimed at boosting the financial resilience of those who are less well off.
It takes the amount set aside by the New York-based bank for philanthropic initiatives in the UK to £90 million since 2019. There are more measures to come: the bank also announced that it is partnering with the UK government and the state-owned British Business Bank to explore ways it can support small businesses and entrepreneurs here.
Jeremy Hunt, the chancellor, welcomed the American group’s pledge: “JPMorgan Chase’s continued investment in the UK shows that our economic plan is working and that the economy is back on track.”
Conor Hillery, JPMorgan’s head of investment banking in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said the Wall Street bank wanted to put its financial know-how to good use. “We want to help lift up the communities in which we do business,” he said. 
This includes revamping the way JPMorgan fills vacancies in Britain, he said: “What we want to do is change our hiring processes so that we open up career pathways and opportunities into certain entry-level roles that in the past would not have been open to the wider community.” 
JPMorgan is America’s largest bank but it also has deep roots in Britain, where it has had a presence for more than two centuries and employs about 22,000 people. It expanded its business here in 2021 when it started a retail digital bank in the UK under its Chase consumer arm and acquired the online wealth manager Nutmeg for about £700 million.

Load-Date: May 13, 2024


End of Document






JPMorgan reshuffles its executive leadership and shakes up the race to succeed Jamie Dimon
CE Noticias Financieras English
January 26, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 645 words
Body


JPMorgan Chase, the largest bank in the United States, has announced a reorganization of functions within its executive leadership that will involve expanding the responsibilities or the assumption of new competencies by some of the best-placed executives in the face of a potential race for the succession of Jamie Dimon, the veteran CEO of the entity, which he has led since 2005.     In a statement, the Wall Street institution reported the assignment of "new and expanded responsibilities for a number of key executives" with the goal of continuing to build on the firm's successes and positioning it for the future.     Among the JPMorgan Chase executives who will see their responsibilities at the bank increased are Jennifer Piepszak, Marianne Lake and Troy Rohrbaugh, whose names have been mentioned in the specialized press as potential internal candidates to succeed Dimon at the head of the bank.     Thus, Jennifer Piepszak, co-chief executive officer of Consumer and Community Banking (CCB), and Troy Rohrbaugh, co-head of Securities Markets and Services, will become co-chief executives of the bank's expanded commercial and investment banking business.      In addition, Marianne Lake, until now co-chief executive officer of CCB and whose name has also figured in the pools of a hypothetical succession of Dimon, will become sole head of JPMorgan Chase's consumer business, which serves more than 80 million consumers and six million SMEs. 
     "JPMorgan Chase is stronger today than ever before, and that's because of our hundreds of thousands of employees and our outstanding senior management team," said Jamie Dimon, the bank's chairman and CEO.     Jamie Dimon, who will turn 68 in March, has led JPMorgan since 2005 and, in addition to heading the largest bank by assets in the United States, represents an institution in the country's financial sector, where he is the last banker to head one of Wall Street's titans since the great financial crisis, after James Gorman stepped down in January as CEO of Morgan Stanley, which he had held since 2009.      The chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase earned an annual compensation of 36 million dollars (33 million euros) last year, after the entity closed 2023 with profits of 49,552 million dollars (45,541 million euros), 31.5% more than in 2022 and the highest annual profit in the history of U.S. banking.     "Annual compensation for 2023 reflects Mr. Dimon's leadership of the firm, with growth in all of its market-leading business lines, record financial results and a strong balance sheet," the bank noted in a note submitted to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).     Jamie Dimon's annual compensation for fiscal 2023 represents a 4.3% increase from $34.5 million (31.7 million euros) in fiscal 2022 and includes an annual base salary of $1.5 million (1.3 million euros) and variable performance-based compensation of $34.5 million (31.7 million euros).     Of the variable portion, the bank specified that $5 million ((EURO)4.6 million) will be paid in cash, while the remaining $29.5 million ((EURO)27.1 million) will be delivered in the form of performance-linked securities (PSUs), which link 100% of annual compensation to ongoing performance metrics.     "The board continues to recognize that the firm is in an exceptionally fortunate position to be led by such a talented and experienced executive who continues to grow the company, maintaining market-leading positions," the bank added.     Last October, Jamie Dimon, along with his family, announced his intention to sell a portion of his JPMorgan stock portfolio for the first time, stating that as of 2024 he would dispose of 1 million shares of the total 8.6 million shares he owned at the time.     This is Jamie Dimon's first such share sale during his tenure at the bank, where he has been CEO since January 2006.

Load-Date: January 27, 2024


End of Document






JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon calls for US to strengthen position as world leader
USA Today Online
April 9, 2024


Copyright 2024 Gannett Media Corp  All Rights Reserved
Section: SECURITIES INDUSTRY NEWS, SECURITIES INDUSTRY NEWS, SECURITIES INDUSTRY NEWS & US NEWS
Length: 570 words
Byline: Kinsey Crowley, USA TODAY
Body


In his annual shareholder letter, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon spoke on international politics and argued the U.S. should strengthen its place as the world economic leader. 
Dimon said 2023 was a strong year for the company, in the letter published Monday, as it brought in $162.4 billion in revenue. But despite the company's successes, Dimon called this "a pivotal moment for America and the Free Western World." 
He called for the continuation of American dominance, which he says requires a robust economy to back the military. 
"In the free and democratic Western world, and, in fact, for many other countries, there is no real or good alternative to America. The only other potential superpower is China," Dimon wrote. "America is still the most prosperous nation on the planet, which not only can guarantee our military strength but also positions us to help our allies develop and grow their nations."
More: BlackRock CEO said 'retirement crisis' needs to be addressed for younger generations losing hope
Jamie Dimon says we 'slept' while China bolstered economic power 
Dimon evoked the post-World War II ideal of "Pax Americana" to argue that America's hegemonic power is the best option for relatively widespread peace and prosperity, and it is necessary that the country to maintain its position. 
In that goal, he said we underestimated China's economic prowess. 
"It is a valid point that the Western world — both government and business — essentially underestimated the growing strength and potential threat of China," the letter states. "It’s also true that China has been comprehensively and strategically focused on these economic issues, all while we slept. But let’s not cry over spilled milk — let’s just fix it."
He said the threat comes from three angles: First, the overreliance on China in the supply chain; Second, relying on potential adversaries for rare materials and supplies critical to national security industries like pharmaceuticals and electronics; Third, weakening other countries' economic positions and making them reliant on adversaries as a result 
He called on the U.S. to be tough towards China, but still engage with the country. 
Dimon discusses AI, energy, inflation in shareholder letter
In addition to international politics, Dimon also touched on various other issues facing the company. 
Here are some takeaways: 
Dimon says that AI will bring changes comparable to "the printing press, the steam engine, electricity, computing and the Internet." 
He called the notion that oil and gas projects should be stopped "naïve," arguing that the best way to drop CO2 in the atmosphere is to replace coal with gas.
He believes inflation may be stickier than markets, which are anticipating a soft landing, are currently predicting.
You can read the full letterhere. 
Who is Jamie Dimon? 
Dimon is the chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. He is worth $2.2 billion according to Forbes. 
At a World Economic Forum event in January, he called himself a "full-throated, red-blooded, patriotic, unwoke, capitalist CEO,” according to Fortune.
He had previously publicly encouraged Democrats and businesses leaders to support former Republican presidential candidate Nikki Haley in a bid against former president Donald Trump. 
Contributing: Francesca Chambers, USA TODAY
This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon calls for US to strengthen position as world leader

Load-Date: April 9, 2024


End of Document






Banks seeking to make new branches less intimidating
The Morning Call
June 13, 2024 Thursday
FIRST Edition


Copyright 2024 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Section: MAIN; A; Pg. 13
Length: 631 words
Byline: Ken Sweet Associated Press
Highlight: JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, right, smiles for a selfie with employees during a branch opening April 26 in the Bronx borough of New York City. Andres Kudacki/AP
Body


NEW YORK - It's like Sephora or Starbucks now offered a checking account.
After years of closing or mostly neglecting physical bank branches across the country, the nation's largest banks are spending hundreds of millions of dollars on refurbishing old locations or building new ones, and in the process changing the look, feel and purpose of the local bank branch.
Many of these branches are larger, airier and meant to feel more comfortable for those walking in with difficult financial questions. 
Others are being designed as "third spaces" to allow local nonprofits or community representatives to hold workshops or seminars for customers or neighbors. They are a contrast to the marble-clad temples to finance built 50 or 75 years ago and the stale cookie-cutter branches that more recently cluttered suburban malls.
"Coming into a branch can be intimidating. We're now creating these spaces so everyone can feel welcome," said Diedra Porché, head of community and business development of consumer banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Porché heads a team of 150 employees who work at what JPMorgan now calls "community centers," which are larger branches that have areas for nonprofits to do presentations for local residents and provide workshops for those seeking advice. The latest of these community centers opened in The Bronx in April, attended by New York local and state politicians as well as JPMorgan Chairman and CEO, Jamie Dimon.
JPMorgan isn't alone in designing branches that are focused less on sales and more on providing advice. Capital One opened its latest "cafe" in Union Square in May, a space that serves coffee and baked goods and allows anyone, Capital One customer or not, to sit inside the cafe and work and network.
"Banking shouldn't be that experience of someone sitting in a suit behind a desk talking about your loan application, but it should be someone who is sitting with you, offering to help you through those questions about money and finances," said Jennifer Windbeck, head of Capital One's retail bank channels and operations.
Banks such as JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo had been steadily closing branches since the 2008 financial crisis. They saw little need for their networks of thousands of physical locations when fewer Americans were entering a branch regularly for routine banking needs and ATMs had largely replaced tellers. 
In the branches that remained, customers often noticed threadbare carpet and well-worn office furniture and cubicles.
It seemed like the fate of the bank branch was sealed when the technological gains during the pandemic made it possible to buy a home or car without interacting physically with another human being. The U.S. banking industry is estimated to have closed roughly 4,000 branches since 2020, according to the National Community Reinvestment Coalition.
Policymakers and community advocates criticized the industry for closing so many branches after the financial crisis, particularly branches located in low-income neighborhoods where financial services were often limited to check cashing stores, pawn shops and payday lending storefronts.
Local bank branches are so important that even Congress got involved in the issue during the Civil Rights Era, passing the Community Reinvestment Act, a law partially designed to make sure banks had branches in poor neighborhoods the same way they did in rich neighborhoods.
Despite the spread of digital banking, bankers and community groups still emphasize that physical branches are a necessity. 
Industry and independent research have shown Americans still want to enter a branch when it comes to big financial issues like buying a home or car, preparing for retirement, dealing with the financial impacts of marriage or divorce, or having a new child.

Load-Date: June 13, 2024


End of Document
