
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239402682

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Procter & Gamble Co and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Surface Disinfectants Market size is set to grow by USD 1.24 billion from 2024-2028, increasing investments in healthcare industry to boost the market growth, Technavio

2. US diaper makers warn EU of shortages under law to save forests

3. Bottom Line

4. Bottom Line: Former BLM director signs up to lobby for wetlands defense

5. CHIMERA SandP US shariah value etf marks successful performance since inception

6. Live news: West Fraser Timber closing B.C. sawmill, affecting 175 jobs

7. Be careful with the tampons you use: Study finds lead and arsenic in these commercial brands.

8. Hospital Cleaning Chemicals Market size to record USD 5.13 billion growth from 2023-2027, Increasing popularity of online distribution channels is one of the key market trends, Technavio

9. Asian and Homegrown Giant Companies Rise as US and Europe-Based Multinationals Exit Nigeria

10. PureCycle production increases for 2024








Surface Disinfectants Market size is set to grow by USD 1.24 billion from 2024-2028, increasing investments in healthcare industry to boost the market growth, Technavio
RWE Resources News
June 20, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 News Bites Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 411 words
Body


Thursday - June 20: (RWE) - The global surface disinfectants market  size is estimated to grow by USD 1.24 billion from 2024-2028, according to Technavio. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of  5.58%  during the forecast period.  Increasing investments in healthcare industry is driving market growth, with a trend towards rising awareness about infectious diseases. However, rising use of uv radiation for surface disinfectants  poses a challenge. Key market players include 3M Co., Acuro Organics Ltd., BASF SE, CarrollCLEAN, Clariant International Ltd., Ecolab Inc., Envista Holdings Corp., Hillyard Inc., Kao Corp., KERSIA GROUP, Lonza Group Ltd., Medline Industries LP, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc, S.C. Johnson and Son Inc., Solvay SA, STERIS plc, The Procter and Gamble Co., Tristel Plc, Unilever PLC, and Whiteley Pty Ltd. .
Get a detailed analysis on regions, market segments, customer landscape, and companies - Click for the snapshot of this report
Product (Hypochlorite, Quaternary ammonium compounds, Hydrogen peroxide, Chlorhexidine gluconate, and Others), Type (Liquids, Sprays, and Wipes), and Geography (North America, Europe, APAC, Middle East and Africa, and South America)
3M Co., Acuro Organics Ltd., BASF SE, CarrollCLEAN, Clariant International Ltd., Ecolab Inc., Envista Holdings Corp., Hillyard Inc., Kao Corp., KERSIA GROUP, Lonza Group Ltd., Medline Industries LP, Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc, S.C. Johnson and Son Inc., Solvay SA, STERIS plc, The Procter and Gamble Co., Tristel Plc, Unilever PLC, and Whiteley Pty Ltd. 
The COVID-19 pandemic underscores the significance of surface disinfection in limiting the spread of infectious diseases. This realization has fueled a heightened focus on regular and thorough disinfection practices among individuals, businesses, and organizations. Health authorities and institutions are advocating for clean and disinfected surfaces to minimize infection risks. The importance of personal hygiene, including handwashing and surface sanitization, has gained prominence. Hospitals are implementing rigorous surface disinfection protocols to prevent healthcare-associated infections. The surge in demand for medical-grade disinfectants is a testament to this trend. Businesses, educational institutions, hospitality sectors, and households are proactively adopting disinfection practices to ensure safer environments. These factors are anticipated to boost the global surface disinfectants market. 

Load-Date: June 19, 2024


End of Document






US diaper makers warn EU of shortages under law to save forests
 
Business Mirror (Philippines)
July 11, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Business Mirror All Rights Reserved


Length: 467 words
Body


 US paper makers are warning the European Union that a new law requiring them to trace timber to its origins risks disrupting $3.5 billion of trade and raising prices for diapers, sanitary pads and other hygiene products.
It will be impossible to comply with the pending EU Deforestation Regulation (EUDR) because pulp supply chains are too diffuse to track all trees, and there's often a two-year lag between the time they're cut down and when they're turned into fiber, according to the American Forest and Paper Association. The US industry is a major exporter of 'fluff pulp,' an absorbent material used by the likes of Procter  and  Gamble Co. and Kimberly-Clark Corp. to make personal products. American suppliers meet about 60 percent of the EU's needs, so any interruption would reverberate throughout the 27-nation bloc.
'The EUDR as is currently written will raise the costs significantly for US producers, and it will translate into inflationary pressures in the EU,' said Mark Pitts, executive director at the paper association. 'Is this really necessary?'
His group wants the law's implementation, scheduled for year's end, delayed while it pushes for the sector to be categorized as a low risk to global deforestation. That would exempt producers from the traceability requirement.
US government officials also asked for a postponement, saying in a letter to the EU that the rule posed 'critical challenges' to domestic producers. The EU aims to slash the 10 percent of global deforestation - and associated loss of biodiversity-linked to its consumption of commodities such as timber, beef, coffee and cocoa. The pending law requires every log, cow and bean entering the region to be traced to their origins, or the bloc will levy hefty penalties.
'The EUDR mandates that companies document the geolocation of all relevant plots of land for commodities traded in bulk,' said Adalbert Jahnz, a spokesman for the European Commission. 'This requirement is not about tracing each individual wood fiber to a single plot.'
Pampers maker Procter  and  Gamble and Huggies manufacturer Kimberly-Clark are the top suppliers of diapers in Europe, while P and G is the biggest supplier of menstrual care products, according to data from Euromonitor International.
A spokesperson for P and G said the company complies with applicable laws and regulations, and it will do so with the EUDR. It also expects suppliers to do the same through its sourcing guidelines.
Kimberly-Clark declined to comment.
There have been some repercussions from the law even before it takes effect, with several association members having supply agreements derailed, Pitts said.
'It's already affecting supply-chain contracts for the fall,' he said, declining to identify the companies involved. 'It puts those contracts in jeopardy.'

Load-Date: July 11, 2024


End of Document






Bottom Line
The Hill
July 17, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright  2024 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp. All Rights Reserved
Section: Pg. 17
Length: 303 words
Byline: Reporting by The Hill staff
Body


Environment
Cassidy and Associates registered to lobby on issues related to the Okefenokee Swamp for the Southern Environmental Law Center. The swamp spans 438,000 acres across the Florida-Georgia border, and a majority of it is protected by the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge and the Okefenokee Wilderness. Neil Kornze, former director of the Bureau of Land Management and chief of staff to Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.), will work on the account.
Sports
Athletes.org, which calls itself the players association for college athletes, hired Ice Miller Strategies to lobby on issues related to name, image and likeness rights of student-athletes and other issues in collegiate athletics. Jarrod Loadholt, former senior counsel for the House Financial Services Committee, will work on the account.
Aviation
JetBlue hired King Sweeney Strategies LLC to lobby on issues related to the airline's relationship with Congress and "areas of concern for an airline, including slots for Puerto Rico flights." Erin King Sweeney, former USA general counsel for Swiss International Air Lines, will work on the account.
Airbus U.S. Space & Defense hired The Roosevelt Group to lobby on assistance related to national security programs and legislative priorities. One of the lobbyists on the account is John Simmons, former longtime Republican appropriations and military aide in the House.
Manufacturing
The Procter & Gamble Co. hired FTI Government Affairs to lobby on sustainability issues, "including energy and environment policies impacting the manufacturing sector," according to a disclosure filed last week. Mickeala Carter, former deputy director of communications at the Department of Agriculture and director of communications and external affairs for the House Agriculture Committee, will work on the account.
¯ Taylor Giorno

Load-Date: July 17, 2024


End of Document






Bottom Line: Former BLM director signs up to lobby for wetlands defense
TheHill.com
July 16, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 NEXSTAR MEDIA INC.  All Rights Reserved


Length: 337 words
Byline: Taylor Giorno
Body


Environment
Cassidy and Associates registered to lobby on issues related to the Okefenokee Swamp for the ​Southern Environmental Law Center. The swamp spans 438,000 acres across the Florida-Georgia border, and a majority of it is protected by the Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge and the Okefenokee Wilderness, but the Southern Environmental Law Center is pushing back on a mining company that wants to mine 8,000 acres on the edge of the wetlands.
Neil Kornze, former director of the Bureau of Land Management and chief of staff to Sen. Michael Bennet (D-Colo.), will work on the account.
Sports
Athletes.org, which calls itself the players association for college athletes, hired Ice Miller Strategies to lobby on issues related to name, image and likeness rights of student-athletes and other issues in collegiate athletics. Jarrod ​Loadholt, former senior counsel for the House Financial Services Committee, will work on the account.
Aviation
JetBlue hired King Sweeney Strategies LLC to lobby on issues related to the airline’s relationship with Congress and “areas of concern for an airline, including slots for Puerto Rico flights.” Erin ​King Sweeney, former USA general counsel for Swiss International Air Lines, will work on the account.
​Airbus U.S. Space & Defense hired The Roosevelt Group to lobby on assistance related to national security programs and legislative priorities. One of the lobbyists on the account is John Simmons, former longtime Republican appropriations and military aide in the House.
Manufacturing
​The Procter & Gamble Co. hired FTI Government Affairs to lobby on sustainability issues, “including energy and environment policies impacting the manufacturing sector,” according to a disclosure filed last week. ​Mickeala Carter, former deputy director of communications at the Department of Agriculture and director of communications and external affairs for the House Agriculture Committee, will work on the account.
For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to The Hill.

Load-Date: July 16, 2024


End of Document






CHIMERA SandP US shariah value etf marks successful performance since inception
Arab News Digest
June 3, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY All Rights Reserved
Length: 299 words
Body


 03 Jun 2024 (Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange) The Chimera SandP US Shariah Value ETF - Income, known under the ticker CHUSSHINV, has announced noteworthy performance since its launch on June 30, 2022. The ETF, managed by Lunate Capital LLC, seeks to track the SandP High Yield Dividend Aristocrats U.S. Shariah 35/20 Capped Index, providing investors with exposure to U.S. equity markets through a Shariah-compliant framework.
According to information available from the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange (ADX), the fund has demonstrated robust growth, achieving a 13.89% return since its inception, slightly outperforming the benchmark's 13.28%. The fund's assets under management currently total AED 11.50 million with 2,750,000 shares outstanding. It maintains a distribution yield of 1.06%, with dividends paid semiannually.
The ETF operates with a total expense ratio of 1.00% and adheres to a quarterly rebalancing schedule to align closely with its benchmark. Its investment strategy is characterized by a physical product structure, where it directly purchases the securities represented in the index.
Top holdings within the ETF include major U.S. corporations like Exxon Mobil Corp, Procter and Gamble Co, and Johnson and Johnson, spanning diverse sectors from consumer staples to healthcare and energy, reflecting a broad market engagement. The fund's significant return on equity, marked at 32.88%, underscores its effective management and attractive investment opportunities within the Shariah-compliant sector of the U.S. market.
Trading of the CHUSSHINV ETF takes place on the Abu Dhabi Securities Exchange, from 10 am to 3 pm GST, with a settlement cycle of T + 2, facilitating access for global investors to participate in U.S. equity markets under a Shariah-compliant investment vehicle.

Load-Date: June 6, 2024


End of Document






Live news: West Fraser Timber closing B.C. sawmill, affecting 175 jobs
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
January 23, 2024 Tuesday
Web Edition


Copyright 2024 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: NEWS
Length: 610 words
Byline: Financial Post Staff, Financial Post Staff
Body


Today's headlines
What's a population trap and how do you get out of it?( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/what-is-population-trap-how-do-you-get-out )
Threat of another Trump presidency puts Canada-U. S. relations in focus at cabinet retreat( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/threat-trump-presidency-canada-us-relations-focus )
Big increases in CRA's funding could be better spent elsewhere( https://financialpost.com/personal-finance/taxes/cra-big-increases-funding-better-spent-elsewhere )
What the Bank of Canada should be paying attention to( https://financialpost.com/news/economy/what-bank-of-canada-should-be-paying-attention-to )
Top story West Fraser Timber closing Fraser Lake sawmill
West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. is permanently closing its sawmill in Fraser Lake, B.C., after an orderly wind-down.
The Vancouver-based company said it's unable to access economically viable fibre in the region.
West Fraser says the closure will affect about 175 employees, and it will mitigate the impact by providing work opportunities at its other operations.
The closure will reduce the company's Canadian lumber capacity by around 160 million board feet.
The news comes after an announcement earlier in January that West Fraser was closing its Maxville, Fla., sawmill and indefinitely curtailing operations at its Huttig, Ark., sawmill.
The company attributed the decision to high fibre costs and soft lumber markets.
The Canadian Press
7:30 a.m. Stock markets before the opening bell
Stocks kept to small ranges ahead of a slew of company results that should offer insights on the state of the global economy.
Europe's Stoxx 600 index slipped about 0.3 per cent, boosted by commodity companies. U.S. equity futures were flat after another record close on Monday. Netflix Inc., Johnson &; Johnson and Procter &; Gamble Co. will report quarterly results today, and results from Tesla Inc. and Intel Corp. are due later this week.
Meanwhile, Chinese markets rebounded after Bloomberg News reported that authorities are considering a package of measures to stabilize the slumping stock market. In currencies, the yen rose after the Bank of Japan signalled the door was open for an interest-rate rise in April.
"There's been no sign so far of a U.S. recession, that's why the fourth-quarter earnings season is so important," said Kenneth Broux, a strategist at Societe Generale SA in London. "Investors will want to see what companies' guidance is for 2024 on consumer demand and profit margins."
The S&;P/TSX composite index closed up 0.09 per cent on Monday.
Bloomberg
What to watch today
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's cabinet retreat continues in Montreal.
The Association of Mineral Exploration hosts its annual industry conference in Vancouver.
Canadian National Railway Co., Netflix Inc., Procter &; Gamble Co., Johnson &; Johnson report earnings today.
OSC's top enforcement official to leave at end of February( https://financialpost.com/news/osc-director-of-enforcement-to-leave-regulator )
Housing market has turned a corner, Royal LePage says( https://financialpost.com/real-estate/housing-market-has-turned-a-corner-royal-lepage-says )
Need a refresher on yesterday's top headlines? Get caught up here.( https://financialpost.com/news/live-news-top-business-stories-january-22-2024 )
Additional reporting by The Canadian Press, Associated Press and Bloomberg
Bookmark our website and support our journalism: Don't miss the business news you need to know - add financialpost.com( https://financialpost.com/ ) to your bookmarks and sign up for our newsletters here( https://financialpost.com/newsletters/ ). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2024 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

Load-Date: January 23, 2024


End of Document






Be careful with the tampons you use: Study finds lead and arsenic in these commercial brands.
CE Noticias Financieras English
July 6, 2024 Saturday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 390 words
Body


Researchers found more than a dozen metals, including lead and arsenic, in tampons widely distributed in the United States and Europe, potentially used by millions of people.
Lead was found in 30 tampons tested from 14 different brands, according to a study published this week in the journal Environmental International. Lead exposure can cause neurological damage. 
Tampax and Kotex, among the affected brands 
This is the first paper to measure the concentration of metals in tampons, said Jenni Shearston, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of California Berkeley School of Public Health and lead author of the study. She added that more research is needed to see if the metals leach out of tampons.
Their presence is particularly worrisome given that the skin of the vagina is more permeable than other areas of the body and anything absorbed into the bloodstream from there does not first pass through the gastrointestinal tract or filter through the liver, according to the study authors.
The products were purchased in the United States, United Kingdom, and Greece, although the researchers did not cite the brands. Among the top tampon brands analyzed were: 
Tampax by Procter & Gamble Co. 
Kotex by Kimberly-Clark Corp.
Playtex by Edgewell Personal Care Co.
How do lead and arsenic get into tampons?
Tampons are made of cotton, rayon or a combination of both. The researchers said it is possible that the metals were absorbed from the soil by the plants used to make the products. They could also be added to chemicals used as antimicrobials or odor control, according to the report.
The study found that organic tampons contained less lead and more arsenic than non-organic tampons, and tampons purchased in the United States had higher lead levels than those from the European Union or the United Kingdom. The researchers also measured cadmium, copper, mercury and nickel, among others.
"Our findings point to the need for regulations requiring manufacturers to test tampons for metals," the study authors wrote.
In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates tampons as medical devices. The agency requires tampon manufacturers to demonstrate that their products are equal to others on the market, a process that includes safety testing, although it is unclear whether that includes measurement of metals.

Load-Date: July 7, 2024


End of Document






Hospital Cleaning Chemicals Market size to record USD 5.13 billion growth from 2023-2027, Increasing popularity of online distribution channels is one of the key market trends, Technavio
RWE Resources News
May 8, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 News Bites Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 356 words
Body


Wednesday - May 08: (RWE) - The global hospital cleaning chemicals market size is estimated to grow by USD 5.13 billion from 2023 to 2027, according to Technavio. This growth is expected to occur at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of over 8.61% during the forecast period.
Type (Cleaning agents and Disinfecting and sterilizing agents) and End-user (State owned hospitals, Private hospitals, and Community hospitals)
3M Co., Acuro Organics Ltd, CARROLLCLEAN, Danaher Corp., Diversey Holdings Ltd., Ecolab Inc., GOJO Industries Inc., Hillyard Inc., Laboratoire M2, Paragon Products (UK) Ltd., Paul Hartmann AG, Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC, S.C. Johnson and Son Inc., Sanosil AG, STERIS Plc, The Clorox Co., The Procter and Gamble Co., Tristel Plc, Whiteley Pty Ltd. , and Zep Inc.
For more insights on the market trends with forecast market size and historic data (2017 - 2021) - Download a FREE Sample Report in minutes!
To know more about the market opportunities impacted by market dynamics, click here to- Download a FREE Sample Report in minutes!
1.1 Cleaning agents- The cleaning agents segment is set to witness significant growth in the upcoming forecast period. These agents, vital for eliminating dirt and germs from surfaces, are crucial for maintaining cleanliness. According to CDC, thorough cleaning is necessary before high-level disinfection and sterilization to prevent infections and equipment malfunction.
Get a glance at the market contribution of rest of the segments - Download a FREE Sample Report in minutes!
The Hospital Cleaning Chemicals Market encompasses various factors such as stringent regulations, hygiene, and safety standards. With the rising concern over HAIs (Hospital-Acquired Infections), healthcare facilities prioritize the use of effective cleaning agents. Emerging economies witness a surge in healthcare spending due to the aging population and the prevalence of chronic diseases.
echnological trends shape new product developments, catering to the specific needs of healthcare facilities worldwide. Reports scope the market dynamics, outlining future development prospects and executive summaries.

Load-Date: May 7, 2024


End of Document






Asian and Homegrown Giant Companies Rise as US and Europe-Based Multinationals Exit Nigeria
Naija 247 News
June 18, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Naija 247 news Media Limited All Rights Reserved
Length: 469 words
Body


 Recent exits of US and Europe-based multinationals from Nigeria have created opportunities for Asian and local companies to expand their presence in the market. London-based Diageo Plc recently sold its stake in Guinness Nigeria Plc to Singapore's Tolaram Group Inc., while Cincinnati-based Procter  and  Gamble Co. closed a major facility.
Thank you for reading this post, don't forget to subscribe!
Local firms like Fidson Healthcare Plc are seizing the opportunity to expand, contrasting with challenges faced by departing companies due to economic instability, currency devaluation, and operational difficulties.
Despite these challenges, firms like Tolaram are thriving by localizing operations and focusing on manufacturing locally.
Key Points:
US and Europe-based companies are withdrawing from Nigeria amidst economic challenges. This trend highlights Nigeria's struggle with economic instability, currency devaluation, and operational difficulties, which have deterred foreign firms from maintaining investments in the country.
Asian and local companies, such as Tolaram Group Inc., are stepping in to fill the gaps left by departing multinationals. For instance, Tolaram recently acquired Diageo's stake in Guinness Nigeria Plc, positioning itself to capitalize on Nigeria's market potential despite current economic downturns.
Local firms like Fidson Healthcare Plc are expanding their operations in response to the exit of foreign competitors. This strategic move underscores the resilience and adaptability of Nigerian businesses in navigating challenging economic conditions.
Economic instability and currency devaluation have created hurdles for foreign companies operating in Nigeria, making it difficult to sustain profitability. In contrast, local firms are leveraging the weakened currency to enhance competitiveness and expand their market reach within Nigeria and across the region.
Despite the economic challenges, companies like Tolaram remain optimistic about Nigeria's long-term economic prospects. By localizing operations and investing in local production, they aim to not only survive but also thrive in Nigeria's evolving business landscape.
Analysis:
The departure of multinational firms underscores Nigeria's economic volatility and challenges in maintaining foreign investment. However, the shift towards local production and Asian investments suggests opportunities for growth and resilience in the face of adversity.
As companies adapt to local conditions and invest in local manufacturing, they aim to capitalize on Nigeria's large consumer market and regional economic potential despite current challenges.
This shift signifies a broader trend towards economic self-sufficiency and resilience among Nigerian businesses, driven by the need to navigate and overcome ongoing economic uncertainties.

Load-Date: June 19, 2024


End of Document






PureCycle production increases for 2024
Plastics News
March 11, 2024
Print Version


Copyright 2024 Crain Communications All Rights Reserved


Section: Pg. 18; Vol. 35
Length: 420 words
Byline: Jim Johnson
Body


PureCycle Technologies Inc. has seen production jump significantly this year at the company's polypropylene recycling facility in Ohio, but the company's CEO said there is much more work to be done.
PureCycle has produced more than 1 million pounds of recycled PP in 2024 through the company's purification process that uses solvent to essentially clean used resin to virginlike quality. That compares with about 200,000 pounds of output the company achieved during the fourth quarter of 2023, CEO Dustin Olson said on a conference call March. 6.
"The metrics are improving every day," he said. "We aren't satisfied with where we are, but our team will not slow down. Our team is excited about the future, not just because of the tangible progress but also because of the learned enhancements that we are applying to our base design."
PureCycle's facility, which uses technology invented by consumer products maker Procter & Gamble Co., still has operational issues to overcome and production techniques to refine, the CEO told stock analysts. But operational reliability is improving as the facility has been able to run "end to end" more often than in the past.
"We're now entering a new phase for PureCycle. We've commissioned the plant, identified areas where we have opportunities, and are now transitioning into traditional manufacturing processes, improving reliability, optimizing the process and driving day-to-day improvements," Olson said.
"On the commercial front, we're also starting to see momentum. We achieved our first revenue through sales in Q4 and began sampling our product to customers for final applicational approval. Initial results are positive, and we expect this progress to continue," he said.
PureCycle also indicated there will be a planned facility shutdown ranging from two to four weeks early in the second quarter to make additional improvements that Olson said should have "significant positive impact to our operational performance."
"Our metrics are not where we want them to be today, but they are getting better. We've seen quarter-over-quarter progress on many of our key metrics," Olson said.
Orlando, Fla.-based PureCycle, meanwhile, also indicated the company has purchased $246.7 million of $249.5 million in Southern Ohio Port Authority revenue bonds that were used to help fund the facility. Purchase of these previously issued bonds by the company eliminates "substantially all restrictive covenants and events of default" that the company has been operating under, PureCycle said.

Load-Date: March 14, 2024


End of Document
