
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239402948

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Salesforce Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims on Behalf of Investors of Salesforce, Inc. - CRM

2. Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Is Investigating Helen of Troy, Owens & Minor, Salesforce , and Five Below and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm

3. Wall Street today: US stocks trade higher after promising inflation data raises Fed rate cut bets; 3M Co. gains 18.99%

4. BUSINESS Saks ' owner agrees to buy rival Neiman Marcus chain Hudson's Bay Co. will pay $2.65 billion for the company. Amazon and Salesforce will hold minority stakes.

5. LTIMindtree Introduces Composable Storefront Solution on Salesforce to Quick-Launch Digital Commerce Experiences

6. 'Make or break': Here's what you need to know about HBC's US$2.65-billion deal to buy Neiman Marcus

7. Corporate: Tech: The end of software as we know it

8. Zoho rolls out AI -powered customer management features amid slowing growth

9. Tech layoffs continue to shake industry Some 32,000 workers have lost jobs so far in 2024

10. Rose-Hulman students score in March Madness analytics challenge








SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Pomerantz Law Firm Investigates Claims on Behalf of Investors of Salesforce, Inc. - CRM
Legal Monitor Worldwide
July 1, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 Legal Monitor Worldwide Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 303 words
Body


(GlobeNewswire) - Pomerantz LLP is investigating claims on behalf of investors of Salesforce, Inc. (Salesforceor the Company)(NYSE: CRM). Such investors are advised to contact Danielle Peyton at newaction@pomlaw.comor  646-581-9980, ext.7980.
The investigation concerns whether Salesforce and certain of its officers and/or directors have engaged in securities fraud or other unlawful business practices.
[Click here for information about joining the class action]
On May 29, 2024, Salesforce reported its fiscal Q1 2025 financial results. Among other items, Salesforce reported $9.13 billion in revenue, below the midpoint of its previously issued guidance range. Salesforces current remaining performance obligation growth ratea key bookings metricalso came in below the Companys outlook. Salesforce also issued fiscal Q2 2025 revenue guidance of $9.2 to $9.25 billion, below consensus estimates.
On this news, Salesforces stock price fell $53.61 per share, or 19.74%, to close at $218.01 per share on May 30, 2024.
Pomerantz LLP, with offices in New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, London, Paris, and Tel Aviv, is acknowledged as one of the premier firms in the areas of corporate, securities, and antitrust class litigation. Founded by the late Abraham L. Pomerantz, known as the dean of the class action bar, Pomerantz pioneered the field of securities class actions. Today, more than 85 years later, Pomerantz continues in the tradition he established, fighting for the rights of the victims of securities fraud, breaches of fiduciary duty, and corporate misconduct. The Firm has recovered billions of dollars in damages awards on behalf of class members. See www.pomlaw.com .
Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.
CONTACT:
Danielle Peyton
Pomerantz LLP
dpeyton@pomlaw.com 
646-581-9980 ext. 7980

Load-Date: July 1, 2024


End of Document






Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Is Investigating Helen of Troy, Owens & Minor, Salesforce, and Five Below and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm
Legal Monitor Worldwide
July 29, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 Legal Monitor Worldwide Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 508 words
Body


(GlobeNewswire) - Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C., a nationally recognized shareholder rights law firm, is investigating potential claims against Helen of Troy Limited (NASDAQ: HELE), Owens & Minor, Inc. (NYSE: OMI), Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE: CRM), and Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ: FIVE). Our investigations concern whether these companies have violated the federal securities laws and/or engaged in other unlawful business practices. Additional information about each case can be found at the link provided.
Helen of Troy Limited (NASDAQ: HELE)
OnJuly 9, 2024, Helen of Troy announced its first-quarter revenue and profits, simultaneously slashing its full-year outlook for sales and earnings. Following this news, the Company's stock experienced a sharp decline, plummeting by 27% in pre-market trading.
For more information on the Helen of Troy investigation go to: https://bespc.com/cases/HELE
Owens & Minor, Inc. (NYSE: OMI)
On June 24, 2024, Owens & Minor announced that the Companys Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, has, at the request of the Company, resigned from his position as an officer of the Company, effective June 21, 2024.
On this news, the price of the Companys stock dropped.
For more information on the Owens & Minor investigation go to: https://bespc.com/cases/OMI
Salesforce, Inc. (NYSE: CRM)
On May 29, 2024, Salesforce reported its fiscal Q1 2025 financial results. In pertinent part, Salesforce's reported $9.13 billion in revenue came in below the midpoint of its previously issued guidance range and the current remaining performance obligation growth rate-a key bookings metric-came in below the company's outlook. Salesforce also issued fiscal Q2 2025 revenue guidance of $9.2 to $9.25 billion, below consensus estimates.
As a result, Salesforce's stock price declined over 20% at the close of trading on May 30, 2024.
For more information on the Salesforce investigation go to: https://bespc.com/cases/CRM
Five Below, Inc. (NASDAQ: FIVE)
On July 16, 2024, Five Below formally announced that Joel Anderson has resigned from his positions as President and CEO, as well as from his seat on the Board of Directors. Concurrently, the company projected a decrease of 6% to 7% in comparable sales for the fiscal second quarter ending August 3, 2024.
Following this news, the stock dropped 9% during afterhours trading on July 16, 2024.
For more information on the Five Below investigation go to: https://bespc.com/cases/FIVE
About Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C.:
Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is a nationally recognized law firm with offices in New York, California, and South Carolina. The firm represents individual and institutional investors in commercial, securities, derivative, and other complex litigation in state and federal courts across the country. For more information about the firm, please visit www.bespc.com . Attorney advertising. Prior results do not guarantee similar outcomes.
Contact Information:
Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C.
Brandon Walker, Esq.
Marion Passmore, Esq.
(212) 355-4648
investigations@bespc.com 
www.bespc.com 

Load-Date: July 29, 2024


End of Document






Wall Street today: US stocks trade higher after promising inflation data raises Fed rate cut bets; 3M Co. gains 18.99%
MINT
July 26, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 409 words
Dateline: New Delhi 
Body


New Delhi, July 26 -- The US stock markets opened at a high before Friday's trading session after promising inflation data raises Federal Reserve rate cut expectations.
At 9:30 am (EDT) the stock markets opened for the United States at a high. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.51 per cent at 40,140.90 on the opening bell as compared to the previous close of 39,935.07 after Thursday's market session.
Personal consumption expenditure (PCE) rose 2.6 per cent as compared to a 3.4 increase in the last quarter. The PCE price index rose 2.9 per cent as compared to a 3.7 per cent increase in the last quarter, according to the US government data released on July 25.
The Nasdaq Composite rose 0.87 per cent rising at 17,336.90 on the market open, as compared to the previous close at 17,186.72. The S&P 500 opened 0.64 per cent higher at 5,433.67 as compared to 5,399.22 on the previous day.
The Nasdaq Composite index rose the most in Friday's market open as the stocks are recovering from the week's fall, in line with the US Federal Reserves rate cut expectations.
Stocks like 3M Co., United Health Group Inc., Salesforce Inc., Travelers Cos Inc., Visa Inc. Class A, and Boeing Co., are some of the gainers on Friday. Honeywell International Inc. and Walmart Inc. are amongst the laggers in the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index according to Marketwatch US markets data.
Nasdaq Composite stocks like BurgerFi International Inc., Windtree Theraputics Inc., Estrella Immunopharma Inc., Carbon Revolution Plc., Regencell Bioscience Holdings Ltd., and Newell Brands Inc., were among the gainers. Whereas Nature's Miracle Holding Inc., Tantech Holding Ltd., and DexCom Inc., were among the laggers on Friday.
S&P 500's Friday rise was fueled by stocks like 3M Co., Mohawk Industries Inc., Charter Communications Inc. Class A, Norfolk Southern Corp., and Bristol Myers Squibb Co. Whereas stocks like DexCom Inc., Biogen Inc., L3Harris Technologies Inc., ResMed Inc., were lagging, as per the Marketwatch data.
The US Q2 GDP data release showed signs of an upcoming rate cut from the US Federal Reserve as the economy saw an increase in real GDP reflected through the rise in consumer spending on goods and services focusing on healthcare, housing and utilities.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from MINT. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htdigital.in

Load-Date: July 26, 2024


End of Document






BUSINESS; Saks' owner agrees to buy rival Neiman Marcus chain; Hudson's Bay Co. will pay $2.65 billion for the company. Amazon and Salesforce will hold minority stakes.
Los Angeles Times
July 5, 2024 Friday
Final Edition


Copyright 2024 Los Angeles Times All Rights Reserved
Section: MAIN NEWS; Business Desk; Part A; Pg. 1
Length: 347 words
Byline: Andrea Chang
Body


Two of the biggest luxury department store chains in the country are joining forces, with a boost from Amazon.
The owner of Saks Fifth Avenue has agreed to buy rival Neiman Marcus Group for $2.65 billion, the companies announced Thursday.
Amazon.com Inc. and Salesforce Inc. will help facilitate the deal by Saks owner Hudson's Bay Co. The tech firms will take minority stakes in a new company, called Saks Global, according to Thursday's news release. Hudson's Bay will also finance the deal with $2 billion raised from investors, the Wall Street Journal reported.
The deal, which comes after years of talks between the two privately held chains, will unite the high-end retailers amid a recent slowdown in luxury sales.
The goal is to cut costs and boost profitability by giving the combined company bargaining power with vendors and reducing supply chain costs and other expenses that can be shared.
Neiman's bankruptcy in 2020 allowed the Dallas-based department store company to shed billions of dollars in debt, making it a more attractive target.
Saks, Neiman Marcus and Amazon didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
The new company will bring together 39 Saks Fifth Avenue stores and 36 Neiman Marcus stores as well as two Bergdorf Goodman stores in Manhattan. Both chains also have outlets.
In Southern California, Saks and Neiman Marcus each operate four department stores, including Beverly Hills locations down the street from each other on Wilshire Boulevard.
The deal comes during a tough period for the department store industry. In February, Macy's announced plans to close about 150 stores over the next three years, including its Union Square store in San Francisco, after posting a fourth-quarter loss of $71 million.
Although department stores catering to middle-class shoppers have struggled the most, retailers specializing in luxury brands have also been squeezed by inflation and other factors that have weakened demand for such items. Lord & Taylor, previously owned by HBC, shut its retail locations in 2021.
--
Bloomberg was used in compiling this report.

Graphic

 
PHOTO: SAKS FIFTH AVENUE'S department stores include this one in Beverly Hills on Wilshire Boulevard, which is just down the street from a Neiman Marcus location.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Brian van der Brug Los Angeles Times 

Load-Date: July 5, 2024


End of Document






LTIMindtree Introduces Composable Storefront Solution on Salesforce to Quick-Launch Digital Commerce Experiences
Asian News International (ANI)
April 10, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Asian News International (ANI). Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 571 words
Byline: ANI |
Body


BusinessWire India

Warren (New Jersey) [US]/ Mumbai (Maharashtra) [India], April 10: LTIMindtree [NSE: LTIM, BSE: 540005], a global technology consulting and digital solutions company, announced Composable Storefront Quick Launch, a cohesive solution for composable storefront, to enable retailers to translate their expectations into elevated customer experiences with e-commerce components that suit their demands. This solution is built on Salesforce Commerce Cloud.

LTIMindtree's composable storefront solution allows for retailers to create customized shopping experiences to increase business growth, with its over 20 best-in-class UI enhancements and features to kickstart B2C commerce experience in addition to leveraging all out-of-box capabilities including Salesforce Einstein, personalization, campaign management, and Wishlist. The solution also helps speed up the go-to-market timeline of the storefront with built-in custom features like enhanced UX, Dynamic Marketing Pages leveraging Page Designer capability, Store Locator with Google Maps, and Order History.

"The fast-paced nature of the e-commerce and retail industry stipulates staying ahead of the constantly evolving technology landscape. With LTIMindtree's Composable Storefront quick launch solution, businesses can reduce their go-to-market time allowing for strategic maneuvers to achieve business success. This will elevate customer experiences, enhance business growth, and provide the flexibility to implement selling across channels and geographies," said Nachiket Deshpande, Whole-Time Director & Chief Operating Officer, LTIMindtree.

"Brands that leverage innovative technologies to enhance their customer experience can increase customer loyalty and business success. LTIMindtree's Composable Storefront quick launch solution on Salesforce, will provide a rapid kickstart to any e-commerce venture looking to build a strong commerce business foundation," said Michael Affronti, SVP & General Manager, Commerce Cloud - Salesforce.

Conventional e-commerce solutions are indivisible, standardized software blocks that are slow to update and difficult to customize, often referred to as legacy or monolithic platforms. Because of this innate lack of adaptability and agility, businesses find it difficult to innovate and even to attract and retain personnel. Furthermore, running monolithic infrastructures now comes with prohibitive costs because of extra fees for integrations, upgrades, etc.

Transitioning from a rigid strategy to one that allows for maximum adaptability in their technology stacks will enable businesses to prepare for future goal oriented and economic actions. Adopting a staggered migration to LTIMindtree's Composable storefront will further reduce the OpEx for the transition, and provide customizable customer experiences, reduced bounce rate, etc. LTIMindtree's Composable storefront also allows the businesses to offer B2C buyers a personalized experience where they can discover and purchase products easily and when convenient. It will also assist in selling across channels and various geographies.

To know more about LTIMindtree Composable Storefront Quick Launch, click here.

Salesforce, Commerce Cloud, Einstein and others are among the trademarks of Salesforce, inc.

(ADVERTORIAL DISCLAIMER: The above press release has been provided by BusinessWire India. ANI will not be responsible in any way for the content of the same)

Load-Date: April 10, 2024


End of Document






'Make or break': Here's what you need to know about HBC's US$2.65-billion deal to buy Neiman Marcus
National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)
July 4, 2024 Thursday
Web Edition


Copyright 2024 National Post All Rights Reserved
Section: RETAIL &; MARKETING
Length: 1270 words
Byline: Naimul Karim, Naimul Karim
Body


The owner of Canada's Hudson's Bay( https://financialpost.com/tag/hudsons-bay-co/ ) department store chain is set to expand its luxury retail empire, which already includes Saks Fifth Avenue( https://financialpost.com/tag/saks/ ), by acquiring Dallas-based Neiman Marcus Group( https://financialpost.com/tag/the-neiman-marcus-group-inc/ ) for US$2.65 billion. The companies confirmed the deal on Thursday after Wall Street Journal first reported it a day earlier( https://financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/hbc-neiman-marcus-combine-saks-fifth-avenue ). The Financial Post breaks down what we know about the deal so far and what it could mean for the retail sector.
What do we know about the deal itself?
Under the deal, HBC, a holding company controlled by U.S. real estate investor Richard Baker that already owns the Hudson's Bay, Saks and Saks OFF Fifth chains, will acquire Neiman Marcus from its current owners, which include investment management firms PIMCO, Davidson Kempner, Sixth Street Partners and JP Morgan Asset Management( https://financialpost.com/tag/jpmorgan/ ).
According to media reports, e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc.( https://financialpost.com/tag/amazon-com-inc/ ) and California-based Salesforce Inc.( https://financialpost.com/tag/salesforce-inc/ ) were expected to hold minority stakes in a newly merged company, Saks Global, focussed on luxury retail that would manage both the Saks and Neiman Marcus operations and be run by Marc Metrick, the current chief executive of Saks. The goal of the deal appears to be to cut costs, streamline operations and boost profit at a time when the retail sector has been under pressure.
Why is HBC buying now?
HBC's interest in Neiman has been the subject of speculation for some time, with reports of talks surfacing at various points in the past decade. During that time, Neiman's financial struggles have been well documented. The company, which was founded in 1907 and has 5.1 million gross square feet of store operations in the United States, including 36 Neiman Marcus stores, two Bergdorf Goodman stores and five Last Call stores, declared bankruptcy in 2020 before getting new investment that helped eliminate more than US$4 billion worth of debt.
Retail analyst Bruce Winder said HBC stands to benefit from a deal by lowering costs through back office synergies and the elimination of redundant positions. The creation of a larger luxury sales company would also mean HBC would have more power when negotiating with brands that use its real estate to sell their products, Winder said.
In a statement on Wednesday, Baker said the deal was a long time coming.
"For years, many in the industry have anticipated this transaction and the benefits it would drive for customers, partners and employees," Baker said. "This is an exciting time in luxury retail, with technological advancements creating new opportunities to redefine the customer experience, and we look forward to unlocking significant value for our customers, brand partners and employees."
Are department stores struggling?
It is not a secret that department stores have faced headwinds on both sides of the border in recent years. In addition to the pandemic and competition from online retailers, many brands have started to open their own stores in the last decade, which has affected the relevance of department stores that curate products from luxury brands, said retail analyst Lisa Hutcheson.
Nordstrom Inc.( https://financialpost.com/tag/nordstrom-inc/ ), for instance, exited the Canadian market( https://financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/nordstrom-canada-exodus-retailers-internet-landlords-economy ) in 2023. Hudson's Bay, meanwhile, has reduced its footprint already and is planning to close its store in downtown Regina in 2025. "We (Canada) don't have the same kind of density to support department stores," Hutcheson said.
While the situation is better in the United States owing to a much larger population, retailers have struggled there, too. Neiman Marcus, Lord &; Taylor and Barney's New York are among the department stores that have sought bankruptcy protection in recent year.
It isn't all bad news, however. Some retailers are looking to expand in Canada. Quebec-based Simons( https://financialpost.com/tag/simons/ ), for instance, said in June that it would spend more than $75 million to open two new stores in Toronto in 2025. Despite the growth of online shopping, the company observed a "solid return to in-store sales, which indicates that consumers want a hybrid and personalized shopping experience," Simons said in a statement last month.
How significant is the transaction?
While the dollar value attached is significant, to Winder the tie-up is more symbolic than anything else. "Department stores have shrunken to a point now that one of them is buying another," he said. "It's not the beginning of the end, but a tell-tale sign that the department sector has eroded."
HBC has become more of a real estate company as opposed to a retailer in the last few years, analysts say, and industry watchers will want to know whether any real estate from Neiman is monetized. Both Winder and Hutcheson don't expect the deal to have much of an impact on Canadian shoppers. At the most, it might lead to some Neiman stores opening at the Bay.
For the struggling luxury retail sector overall, at least one analyst sees the deal as a "make or break" affair, particularly due to the potential inclusion of Amazon and Salesforce.
"This could really change the way both retailers operate, more streamlining, incorporating digital technology and artificial intelligence( https://financialpost.com/tag/artificial-intelligence/ ) to make faster and better decisions," said Liza Amlani, founder of Retail Strategy Group. In the long run, she said it could lead to increased profitability as the technology utilized by firms such as Amazon and Salesforce might help with getting new customers, improve inventory management and increase HBC's relevance.
"There are tons of products on sale in these companies (HBC)," Amlani said. "It tells me that the the planners went wrong. So, if AI is able to be implemented in certain aspects of the operated model, in theory they should be able to predict the right product at the right time."
When did HBC buy Saks?
HBC acquired Saks Incorporated in November 2013. Saks Fifth Avenue made its official Canadian debut with the opening of its Queen Street store in downtown Toronto on Feb. 18, 2016. This was followed by a second Canadian location in Etobicoke's Sherway Gardens on Feb. 25. In addition, by early 2016, the first three Canadian locations of Saks OFF 5th - the retail brand's off-price cousin - had opened.
Zellers reboot raises questions about HBC's goals( https://financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/zellers-reboot-questions-what-hbc-trying-achieve )
Zellers restaurants are coming back - as food trucks( https://financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/zellers-diner-food-trucks )
Currently, both Saks and Saks OFF 5th are structured as two separate businesses by the company. Until 2020, HBC was a public company and was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. The company was privatized later that year by a group led by Baker, the company's current chief executive.
. Email: nkarim@postmedia.com( nkarim@postmedia.com )
Bookmark our website and support our journalism: Don't miss the business news you need to know - add financialpost.com( https://financialpost.com/ ) to your bookmarks and sign up for our newsletters here( https://financialpost.com/newsletters/ ). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2024 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

Load-Date: July 4, 2024


End of Document






Corporate: Tech: The end of software as we know it
The Edge Malaysia
June 10, 2024


Copyright 2024 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved
Length: 2096 words
Byline: Assif Shameen
Body


Software companies were, until a few years ago, all the rage on Wall Street and in the Silicon Valley. More than a decade ago, web browser Netscapeâ  s creator Marc Andreesen, now a prominent venture capitalist, penned a piece titled â  Why software is eating the worldâ , arguing that a new golden age was dawning for the sector. â  We are in the middle of a dramatic and broad technological and economic shift in which software companies are poised to take over large swathes of the economy,â  he wrote. â  More and more major businesses and industries are being run on software and delivered as online services â " from movies to agriculture to national defence.â  Over the next 10 years, he argued, â  many more industries [will] be disrupted by software, with new world-beating Silicon Valley companies doing the disruption in more cases than notâ .
If you had invested in the benchmark iShares Expanded Tech-Software Sector ETF when Andreesen wrote his seminal piece in August 2011, you would have enjoyed returns of over 655%. The stock of software giant Microsoft Corp, the worldâ  s most valuable company, is up 2,230% since then. The key to Microsoftâ  s resurrection after its lost decade in the aftermath of the tech bubble burst in March 2000 was its pivot to the cloud. Companies like Microsoft, Salesforce Inc, Adobe Inc, ServiceNow Inc and Palo Alto Networks Inc began providing their own software as a service (SaaS) or a solution that enterprises such as JPMorgan Chase & Co, Walmart Inc and ExxonMobil Corp could purchase on a pay-as-you-go basis from a cloud service provider like Amazon Web Services, Microsoftâ  s own Azure or Google Cloud.
Software is ubiquitous these days. Before the advent of smartphones, cellular phones were just a chunk of hardware with a keyboard for dialling. Software transformed a clunky cellular phone into a powerful internet-Â­enabled computer in your pocket. These days, software runs cars, which were once just a piece of hardware. â  Software runs engines, controls safety features, entertains passengers, guides drivers to destinations and connects each car to mobile, satellite and GPS networks,â  Andreesen noted. â  The days when a car aficionado could repair his or her own car are long past, due primarily to the high software content.â  Walmart, the worldâ  s largest retailer, uses software to power its logistics and distribution capabilities, which it has used to crush its competition. Indeed, Â­FedEx is a software network that just happens to have trucks, planes and distribution hubs attached. Andreesen said that agriculture was increasingly powered by software, including satellite analysis of soils linked to per-acre seed selection software algorithms.
So why is software suddenly no longer in vogue? Software sector stocks were on a tear during the Covid-19 lockdown in 2020 and 2021 when they surged 72%. In 2022, as the US Federal Reserve raced to raise interest rates to fight runaway inflation, software stocks, one of the most overvalued sectors within tech, took a hammering, with the benchmark software index down 35.6%. Some of the software names were down nearly 70% in 2022. Last year, with the advent of ChatGPT and generative artificial intelligence or gen AI, the sector rebounded with a vengeance, with firms that had some exposure to AI seeing their stocks skyrocket. The software index soared 54% in 2023.
But just as a new AI-powered bull market gets underway on Wall Street, the software sector is being seen as a laggard. Even software start-ups are reeling as venture funds have dried up. AI is sucking all the oxygen in the room, leaving little for once-high-flying sectors like software. Investors are taking money out of software names and piling into AI companies like Nvidia Corp, Advanced Micro Devices Inc, Super Micro Computer Inc as well as search behemoth Alphabet Inc, social media supremo Meta Platforms Inc, e-commerce pioneer Amazon.com Inc and iPhone maker Apple Inc. About 60% of software stocks are down this year.ÂThe software index is up just 1.1% this year compared with a 13% gain for the broader S&P 500 index and a 15.4% upside for the tech-heavy Nasdaq 100, which includes the biggest tech stocks.
Blaming AI for softwareâ  s winter?
Whatâ  s going on with software stocks that were touted as AI plays? A sell-off in enterprise software stocks in recent months has dragged down names like Salesforce Inc, SAP SE, Adobe, UiPath Inc, ServiceNow, Intuit Inc and Cadence Design Systems Inc. Salesforce is down 8% this year and 25% from its March peak because it missed on earnings two weeks ago. Adobe is down 22% this year, UiPath is down 50% since January, ServiceNow is down 14% since its February peak while Intuit is down 15% since its February peak. Only Microsoft, which is in the process of reinventing itself as an AI powerhouse, has fared better. Its stock is up 14% this year.
Ironically, companies such as ServiceNow and Adobe were until recently being touted as AI plays. Investors who missed the boat on Nvidia were hoping they could always hitch a ride with software firms that were leveraging on AI. Unfortunately, even after its massive run over the past two weeks, Nvidia stock trades at 40 times forward earnings while ServiceNow trades at 51 times the next 12 monthsâ   earnings. Even Microsoft is only slightly cheaper than Nvidia at 34 times forward earnings.
During their earnings calls over the past two weeks, the chief financial officers and CEOs of Salesforce, Adobe, UiPath and Intuit explained that their enterprise customers had suddenly become a little more reluctant about spending more money on software. Corporate budgets around the world are being rejigged to give priority to AI-related spending. Every company wants its own AI strategy. But instead of expanding their overall budgets, they are just redirecting more of their software spending towards AI. Even as their AI spending continues to grow, investors are raising questions about the effectiveness of AI-powered tools like Copilots or other gen AI offerings that enterprises are racing to adopt ahead of their competitors. It is unclear whether software firms will suffer from a switch to rival AI-powered services or will be better off because they adopt AI in many of their existing products.
As the software stocks began reeling a few weeks ago, Chris Paik, a general partner at New York-based venture capital firm Pace Capital, published an essay titled â  The end of softwareâ , arguing that in the age of AI, softwareâ  s run was over. He likened software to old pre-internet media. â  Before the internet, media behaved very differently â " it was expensive to create,â  Paik notes. â  You had to pay people to make content, edit it and distribute it. Because content was expensive to create, it had to make money. And consumers paid [for] newspapers, magazines, books, cable, and pay per view TV. [Even billionaire investor] Warren Buffett famously loved newspapers. Who wouldnâ  t love a predictable subscription business with local monopolistic dynamics?â 
Then in the late 1990s, the internet arrived. Media firms saw it as a way to reach broader audiences and drastically slash their distribution costs. â  [The] internet not only reduced distribution costs to zero, but it also drove the cost of creating content to zero,â  Paik notes. User-generated content on Instagram, YouTube, TikTok, Snap, Pinterest and Twitter (now X) flourished. â  When content doesnâ  t cost anything to create, it no longer has to make money,â  he reasons. But what happens when content no longer has to make money? â  The relaxation of this economic constraint [has] led to a Cambrian explosion,â  he says. â  You can take a picture of a cup of coffee, post it to a million views or none at all and the market clearing price is still met. That has produced a deluge of content that none of us can reasonably consume.â 
Little wonder, then, that user-generated content platforms have pushed products to usersâ   direct attention and routed them effectively for maximum impact. Media firms were competing for the same usersâ   attention, but with a strictly higher cost of goods sold, Paik argues. â  The more people you had on your payroll that were creating content, the more exposed you were to being flanked by user-generated content platforms. What the internet did was it pushed the marginal cost of media distribution to zero. Structurally, investing in media has been a losing value proposition ever since and value creation has shifted entirely to the platforms that control distribution.â 
Video killed the radio star. Then the internet killed videos, movie theatres and decimated newspapers and magazines because the marginal cost of distributing content went to zero. Now itâ  s a Netflix world and all the other media companies just live in it. There is also YouTube, TikTok and Instagram, which mostly rely on user-generated content. Will AI kill software, or dramatically change the face of the software industry?
Software is not like a newspaper. Believe me, as a journalist, I know what I am talking about. For one thing, software is much more expensive to create. â  You have to pay people to create it, maintain it and distribute it,â  Paik says. â  Because it is expensive to create, software has to make money.â  Companies pay for software licences, SaaS subscriptions, and then there is softwareâ  s per seat pricing. The more people there are using a particular software in your company, the more money you pay. Not surprisingly, software margins have historically been 90-plus per cent with zero marginal cost of distribution.
Paik makes the point that software is expensive because good software developers are expensive. â  They are skilled translators â " they translate human language into computer code and vice versa. Large language models or LLMs have proven themselves to be remarkably efficient at this and will drive the cost of creating software to zero.â  With AI Copilots writing all the computer code or you barking orders to Siri on your iPhone to write your next software, the value of coders and software engineers will ultimately decline.
What happens when software no longer has to make money? Paik says the world will experience an explosion of software, the same way it did with content. â  Vogue wasnâ  t replaced by another fashion [magazine]; it was replaced by 10,000 influencers. Salesforce will not be replaced by another monolithic customer relationship management, or CRM, software firm. It will be replaced by a constellation of things that dynamically serve the same intent and pain points.â 
The way Paik sees it, software firms will be replaced the same way media companies were, giving rise to a new set of platforms that control distribution. â  SaaS, ARR (or annual recurring revenue) are shorthand to understand the old model of business building in software, one where the expense associated with creating software was a moat,â  the New York venture capitalist notes. â  The invisible hand has been stayed in software for a long time, but LLMs will usher in its swift, familiar corrective force. Majoring in computer science today will be like majoring in journalism in the late 1990s.â 
Challenges for software firms
Ben Thompson, who writes the Stratechery blog, concedes there are real challenges for software firms in the new AI era. He cites the per-seat software licence fees, which he says â  make a lot less sense when AIs are delivering value by eliminating seats, not adding themâ . But he argues that one of the advantages that companies like Databricks Inc, an analytics and AI firm, have is that their business models are based on usage. â  Software needs to be stable and predictable and have infrastructure to run on,â  Thompson notes. That is a lot easier to buy from a company than to manage yourself. â  Businesses donâ  t want to be IT departments; they want to achieve business results and time spent trying to get stuff to work is a waste of resources.â  That doesnâ  t mean there wonâ  t be upheaval as software firms figure out how to leverage AI on both the supplier and consumer sides. Indeed, he argues, there may very well be a different set of winners, but as long as there are jobs to be done there will be opportunities to sell software whatever it might look like. Just because AI can code doesnâ  t mean the end of software. It just means you and I will write our own software, which will be as user-friendly as we want it to be.
Assif Shameen is a technology and business writer based in North America

Load-Date: June 12, 2024


End of Document






Zoho rolls out AI-powered customer management features amid slowing growth
MINT
June 6, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 564 words
Dateline: Austin-Texas 
Body


Austin-Texas, June 6 -- Chennai-based Zoho Corp. has overhauled one of its key revenue generators, its customer management software Zoho CRM, amid slowing growth in the enterprise tech company's key US market.
The updates include the integration of AI-powered customer relationship management (CRM) analytics and support for businesses to use open-source AI models.
Zoho's global growth has slowed despite it reaching an annual revenue run-rate of $1 billion in November, chief executive Sridhar Vembu toldMint on the sidelines of a company event in Austin, Texas. Revenue run-rate is an indicator of future performance extrapolating from current revenue.
With its new software, Zoho is looking to undercut established enterprise tech companies such as US-based ServiceNow Inc. and Salesforce Inc., Vembu added.
Also read |Macro headwinds hit Zoho's overall growth
The global CRM market was valued at $89 billion at the end of last year, according to market researcher Statista. Salesforce commands the largest market share, 22%. Microsoft Corp., Adobe Inc., SAP SE, and Zoho each have a global market share of 3-5% in the CRM market.
Zoho's new suite, CRM for Everyone, will allow sales teams to implement custom modifications for other teams such as solutions engineering, contract management, customer onboarding, and advocacy.
Zoho said the new features will "improve visibility for every stakeholder" and reduce turnaround times in customer queries-a critical factor in the CRM industry.
"Traditionally, the CRM system has been built by IT and built for sales workflows," said Mani Vembu, chief operating officer of Zoho.
"Over the years, it has accumulated a wealth of customer context, but access to the CRM is strictly rationed, and teams are forced to operate on their islands with limited context," he said. "We are looking to break down these silos... enabling different teams in a sales process to contribute by reducing CRM complexity."
Also watch |Zoho venturing into semiconductors?
Zoho, however, is not implementing sweeping AI integration, a factor that has been consistent in enterprise software adoption since the public launch of OpenAI's ChatGPT in November 2022.
Sridhar Vembu said Zoho prefers contextually integrating AI tools and solutions into its CRM suite instead of using a broad-based approach. On Wednesday, Zoho announced that its enterprise clients will be able to integrate open-source AI models and build generative AI solutions on top of its CRM suite.
Vembu added that Zoho is working on developing its AI security models to ramp up data security. This will "allow customers to refine and create their own models, ensuring complete data privacy," Vembu said in his keynote address at the event.
"We will train on publicly available data, and the customer data will be put to use only for their own purpose," Vembu added at his address, maintaining that Zoho does not monetise customer data.
The AI-powered security models, however, are not ready to be unveiled and are still in the works, said Raju Vegesna, Zoho's chief evangelist, at the event. Zoho has about 1,000 employees working on the feature.
(This correspondent is in Austin, Texas on Zoho's invitation.)
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from MINT. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htdigital.in

Load-Date: June 6, 2024


End of Document






Tech layoffs continue to shake industry; Some 32,000 workers have lost jobs so far in 2024
The Toronto Star
February 6, 2024 Tuesday
ONT Edition


Copyright 2024 Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: BUSINESS; Pg. B3
Length: 381 words
Byline: Antonia Mufarech Bloomberg
Body


  The tech industry has started 2024 with another wave of job cuts, paring back even further after widespread layoffs last year. 

 So far, some 32,000 tech workers have lost their jobs in 2024 according to Layoffs.fyi, a startup that has been tracking job cuts in the industry since the pandemic. 

 Snap Inc. became the latest example, announcing on Monday it's reducing its workforce by about 10 per cent, or around 540 employees. 

 Earlier this month, software company Okta Inc. said it would eliminate seven per cent of its staff to reduce costs, affecting about 400 employees. 

 The list goes on, including Big Tech employers like Amazon.com Inc., Salesforce Inc. and Meta Platforms Inc.

 This year, "tech companies are still trying to correct for their over-hiring during the pandemic surge, given that the high interest-rate environment and tech downturn have both lasted longer than initially expected," Layoffs.fyi founder Roger Lee wrote in an email. 

 There have been two main waves of job cuts in recent years, according to Lee. The "early COVID" spike, from the first to second quarters of 2020, and the "interest rate hike" effect, which has been going on since the second quarter of 2022. 

 "This year's layoffs are typically smaller and more targeted than the layoffs a year ago," Lee said. 

 Although economic factors are the main reason for tech layoffs, Lee noted many companies are citing the race for artificial intelligence as a factor, as they are shifting resources to focus on AI talent. 

 According to an analysis by CompTIA, which tracks employment trends in the tech industry, job postings in "artificial intelligence or requiring AI skill increased by about 2,000 from December to January, to 17,479." 

 So even as the industry sheds some jobs, it's also hiring aggressively in others. There were 33,727 active job postings in January, according to CompTIA, the largest month-over-month increase in 12 months.

 "I do feel like most of the layoffs have happened, and companies are going to start to rebound," said Bert Bean, chief executive officer of staffing company Insight Global.

  "But it's still very uncertain." He expects the market to remain that way for about the next two quarters, "until the Fed really comes out and starts to cut interest rates." 

 Bloomberg 

Load-Date: February 6, 2024


End of Document






Rose-Hulman students score in March Madness analytics challenge
The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.
March 29, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.)
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency
Section: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS
Length: 404 words
Byline: The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.
Body


Mar. 29—March Madness got off to a roaring start as four Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology computer science students applied their problem-solving and data analytical skills to earn honors in the NCAA's recent Crossroads Classic Analytics Challenge.
Seniors William Gardner, Xander Good, Nathan Loafman, and Xianshun Jiang were members of the Rose Miners team that placed third within the undergraduate division of a competition among 67 teams from seven Indiana colleges and universities.
They were asked to create predictive models that could help NCAA officials identify potential ticket purchasers for games in all rounds of the 2024 Division I Women's Basketball Championship, including the Final Four round after examining customer datasets, according to a news release from the institute.
"We were ready for this challenge because of the many types of assignments we're asked to tackle in our (computer science) classes. However, we were pleasantly surprised with how well we did. There was some stiff competition," said Gardner, the team's leader.
Each of the final qualifying teams practiced in separate conference rooms before making their final 10-minute presentation, along with a five-minute question-and-answer period, before a panel of judges of professionals from Salesforce Inc. and the NCAA.
The scoring criteria, which wasn't revealed until after the competition, featured (in order of importance) business application, creativity, presentation, technical skills, and visualization. The competition was co-sponsored by NCAA, Tableau, and Visualize Your Technology.
"Our team held their heads high and did a great job under some challenging circumstances," said team advisor Olga Scrivner, assistant professor of computer science and software engineering. She also was one of the competition's faculty champions.
Another faculty advisor who helped the team was John McSweeney, associate professor of mathematics.
The Rose Miners team will be sharing their model, presentation, and business solutions with members of the NCAA analytics unit.
This was the first year that Rose-Hulman has participated in the Crossroads Classic Analytics Challenge. The competition plans to expand to include teams from colleges and universities across the country, starting next year.
___ (c)2024 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Load-Date: March 30, 2024


End of Document
