
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239402876

Documents (3)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Travelers Companies Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Forget the great resignation, we're now in our big stay era

2. Are DINKs living the new American Dream?

3. Is commuting into the office back? Well, sort of








Forget the great resignation, we're now in our big stay era
accountingtoday.com
July 3, 2024


Copyright 2024 SourceMedia LLC d/b/a Arizent All Rights Reserved


Section: Vol. 1; No. 1
Length: 575 words
Body


By Aoibhinn Mc Bride
As the adage goes, the grass isn't always greener.
This rings true for American workers who have started shunning the idea of the Great Resignation, AKA leaving theirjobsin droves, in favor of remaining in their current roles.
That's according to recentresearch conducted by WTWwhich found that 72% of employees plan on staying in their current roles, compared to 2022 figures which revealed that 53% of employees planned on leaving their jobs.
3 high-paying accounting job opportunitiesCost Accountant, Blue Origin, Seattle ($87,300 - $128,040 a year)Account Executive Officer, Commercial Accounts - Underwriting, The Travelers Companies, Inc., Melville, ($105,500 - $174,100 a year)Group Accounting Reporting Manager- Accounting & Reporting, ByteDance, San Jose ($129,000 - $244,800 a year)
So, why are increasing numbers of workers deciding to stay put? The reasons for this collective shift in attitude are manifold: job security, health benefits and flexibility are cited as some of the main sticking points.
This is why it's so important to evaluate what your current role is actually offering; if your employer isn't offering you a good benefits package, has dialed back on its remote working options courtesy of a RTO mandate or the benefits options available to you are lacking in terms of parental leave or healthcare, it could be time to find a role that better suits your needs-in and out of the workplace.
"The war for talent is no longer just about pay; benefits matter, and the ability to choose those benefits is important for adapting to employees' changing needs," explains Cecile Chang, global growth leader, Health & Benefits at WTW.
"Employers should invest in their employees' long-term wellbeing and offer a sense of security through the benefit package. While they can't control the world outside of work, they can support their employees through an inclusive and tailored benefits process," Chang advises.
Benefits are arguably playing an even bigger role in encouraging staff to stay put, with 54% of respondents sharing that they have remained with their current employer due to the benefits package on offer.
This is bolstered by the finding that 40% would be prepared to leave their current employer for a better benefits package, even if their salary stayed the same.
3 great accounting roles hiring in the USSenior Accountant, General Ledger Accounting, Spotify, New YorkAccountant, HR Affiliates, New AlbanyAccountant, United Nations Federal Credit Union, Long Island City
Choice when it comes to benefits is also key-the survey found that offering more choice and flexibility, for example the ability to alter core benefits to fund other types of benefits, resulted in higher levels of employee satisfaction, made workers less likely to leave their current employer and culminated in 78% being in favor of recommending their employer as a good place to work.
That said, salary is still a major motivator, and the survey established that workers are prepared to move jobs for a 10% increase in pay.
"Focus on pay has strengthened, and benefits are meeting the needs of many employees, not just some," adds Steve Nyce, senior economist and global leader for WTW's Research and Innovation Center.
"By continuing to prioritize these factors, employers can build trust, ultimately creating an environment that will drive retention and provide job security."
Search for a new role today via the Accounting Today Job Board

https://www.accountingtoday.com/partnerinsights/jobbio/article/forget-the-great-resignation-were-now-in-our-big-stay-era

Load-Date: July 3, 2024


End of Document






Are DINKs living the new American Dream?
TheHill.com
July 19, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 NEXSTAR MEDIA INC.  All Rights Reserved


Section: US NEWS
Length: 806 words
Byline: Aoibhinn Mc Bride | This Column was created by Jobbio
Body


When writer and historian James Truslow Adams coined the phrase ‘American Dream’ in his best-selling 1931 book Epic of America, he described it as “that dream of a land in which life should be better and richer and fuller for everyone, with opportunity for each according to ability or achievement.”
Since then, the American Dream has had many iterations. From the post-war period in the the1950s when nuclear families comprising of mom, dad and at least two kids, living in suburban utopia with at least one car was the ideal, to the mass materialism and consumerism of the 1980s, bolstered by Reagan’s economic policy which promoted free-market capitalism and tax cuts for the rich.
But what does the American Dream represent in 2024?
3 jobs hiring across the U.S.
Federal Territory Account Sales Executive, Autodesk, MD
Federal Tax Manager, Coinbase, Remote
Executive Director of Federal Agency R&D Relations, Indiana University, Research, Indianapolis
Moving the goalposts
For many millennials, born between 1981 and 1996, the ultimate symbol of financial and personal prosperity revolves around being one half of a DINK—dual income, no kids—couple.
That’s according to new research, which has identified that 45 percent of millennial women aren’t getting married, buying a home or having kids, in that order.
This correlates withseparate data which has identified that in 2022, more than half of American households didn’t have children (29 percent were married households without children, and 28.9 percent were single households without children). Comparatively, in 1960, 44% of households consisted of married parents.
Instead, 26 percent of this cohort of women are pushing pause on starting a family so they can focus on their careers and personal finances, with 10 percent actively prioritizing saving so they can have children in the future.
When you look at the declining birth rate—U.S. births fell to their lowest since 1979 in 2023—this shift in attitude is already apparent.
The cost of raising a child is soaring. It’s estimated that it costs roughly $300,000 to raise a child born in 2023 due to housing, food, childcare and education, transportation, healthcare and clothing costs during their formative years. It’s hardly surprising that women, whether they are in a couple or not, are considering financial factors before having a child.
Added to that are company policies that are rowing back on flexibility by enforcing strict RTO (return to office) mandates, backtracking on paid parental leave and falling salaries, and it’s clear that the issue is nuanced and doesn’t simply pertain to paying people more.
“The past few decades have shown that societal norms don’t look the same as they used to, and millennial women played a major role in that shift,” says Courtney Alev, consumer financial advocate at Intuit Credit Karma.
“As a result, women today aren’t tethered to the timelines set by those before them, as many choose to prioritize their careers above being young mothers. In some cases, that means prolonging family planning until they become more established in their careers, while others don’t see children in their future at all. Regardless, both camps are highly influenced by money and the high costs associated with conceiving and raising children.
“Luckily, we’re seeing women take control of their finances, focusing on saving money and paying off debt, which should put them in a better position to welcome a child into the world if that’s the path they choose to take.”
3 jobs to apply for
Major Case Specialist, General Liability (Construction), The Travelers Companies, Inc., Melville
Program Manager NALCE (non-profit), NALCAB, Washington
IT Asset Analyst, SAIC, Washington D.C.
Redefining family life
But aside from money, there is also a cohort of millennial and Gen Z women who have decided they don’t want to have children, even though they can afford them.
It is the antithesis to the #tradwife trend that has been gaining traction on TikTok in recent months, which highlights stay-at-home mothers who have multiple children, create multiple elaborate home cooked meals per day from scratch—and crucially—don’t let their husband do any domestic chores. The reality is that an increasing number of Americans are deciding that they don’t want kids. Period.
APew Research Center survey conducted in 2021 found that 44 percent of non-parents aged 18 to 49 said they were unlikely to have children, an increase of 7 percent from 2018.
Additionally, 56 percent of those who said they were unlikely to have children shared that their main reason was that they simply did not want to. Financial reasons only amounted to 17 percent.
Whether you want to earn more of find a job that offers greater flexibility, browse The Hill Job Board today
For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to The Hill.

Load-Date: July 19, 2024


End of Document






Is commuting into the office back? Well, sort of
TheHill.com
May 31, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 NEXSTAR MEDIA INC.  All Rights Reserved


Length: 917 words
Byline: AOIFE BARRY | THIS COLUMN WAS CREATED BY JOBBIO
Body


Traveling for hours every week to and from the office temporarily went out the window during the Covid-19 pandemic.
For some people, working from home provided sweet relief from commuting stress, leading to greater job satisfaction. But others missed the camaraderie and collaboration that comes with meeting in person, and were itching to get back to their routine and colleagues.
Four years on from April 2020, with return-to-office (RTO) mandates becoming standard in companies from Amazon to Google, how is this shift impacting workers?
3 exciting roles hiring right now
Senior Director – Federal Capture, ICF, Reston ($170,721 – $290,225)
Experienced Outside Property Claim Representative, The Travelers Companies, Inc., Washington, D.C. ($63,700 – $105,100 a year)
Federal Enterprise Architect/Engineer, Business Performance Systems, LLC, Washington D.C. ($146,000 – $167,000)
The return of the commute
For starters, it turns out commuting is back – sort of.
Through an analysis of transit data this year, it was found that commuting in 10 big cities around the world has recovered since the lockdowns. But, as you might expect, recovery has varied depending on the city. Not every location showed the same patterns of return.
That’s in part because of the variation between companies as to how flexible they are with employees returning to the office, and in turn what office-home ratio is desired by employees.
Some companies are even sending a message that remote working could be the least desirable choice. IBM’s CEO Arvind Krishna said last year that remote workers might struggle to get promoted. Less than 12 months later, the company asked all US managers to immediately report to an office or client location at least three days a week.
Employee flexibility
When Owl Labs surveyed the world of work in 2023, it found a consistent theme: Americans want more flexible work, as it makes them feel more productive and balanced (and loyal to their companies).
Some (62%) would even take a pay cut of 10% or more in order to be given that much-desired flexibility. Yet overall, 94% of workers said they could still be convinced to come to the office.
Meanwhile, 68% of managers believe that their hybrid/remote employees are missing out on impromptu or informal feedback.
‘Coffee badging’
Some people are back in the office by choice, eager to take advantage of face time with colleagues. But for others, office time is unnecessary. The survey found that while 66% of respondents are back in the office full time, only 22% want to be.
With RTO mandates coming in thick and fast, we’re now seeing reports of trends like ‘Coffee Badging’, and ‘Office Peacocking’.
‘Coffee Badging’ sees a person turning up at the office, making sure they’re seen––and then grabbing a coffee before making their exit. Owl Labs found 58% of hybrid employees are undertaking this behavior.
On the other hand, ‘Office Peacocking’ sees the employer trying to make the workplace more enticing, laying on the perks in order to encourage people to stay longer in the office.
But the presenteeism seen in ‘Coffee Badging’ could impact on your role. It’s all well and good to show up at the office and then dash off to work from home, but your manager might not share your enthusiasm for this new technique.
Yet in feeling frustration about your company’s approach, you might discover there are alternative careers you’d like to explore, where your desired mode of working – remote, hybrid or office – matches the company’s. Some companies are even completely or mostly remote, particularly in the tech start-up arena.
Career passion
If you do show up at the office, it’s better to do it for a job you are passionate about, where neither you nor your manager feel like you’re phoning it in.
As to what matters to employees when it comes to returning to the office, Owl Labs found that greater office privacy, no dress code and companies paying commuting costs ranked high on the list of desires.
Some employees will find negotiating their ideal situation a breeze, but others will use this change as a chance to seek out new pastures. Employers should note that the same report found that one in three workers would start to look for a new job if an RTO mandate is introduced at their workplace.
If you’re looking for a new role that matches the flexibility you desire, visit The Hill Jobs Board to check out who’s hiring, like these roles below.
Federal Civilian Enterprise Account Director, Adobe, McLean
Join the Adobe team as Federal Civilian Enterprise Account Director delivering government solutions to US Federal Civilian customers, other agencies across government, employee intranets, and to mission environments that support the U.S.
Government Relations Coordinator, Topsoe, Washington D.C.
Topsoe is a leading global provider of technology and solutions for the energy transition. It seeks a Government Relations Coordinator to be located in Washington, D.C. You’ll support the building of, and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders including senior global government officials.
Licensed Therapist (Remote), Two Chairs
This fully remote role is for a Licensed Therapist looking to work a 40-hour schedule, including an average of 25 scheduled sessions a week, between 8am and 7pm (Pacific Time) Monday to Friday, with weekends off.
If you’re looking to find your ideal level of job flexibility, take a look at the roles available now on The Hill Jobs Board
For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to The Hill.

Load-Date: May 31, 2024


End of Document
