
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239403067

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Verizon Communications Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Long Term Investors who lost money with shares of Verizon Communications Inc. ( NYSE : VZ) should contact the Shareholders Foundation in connection with pending Lawsuit

2. Total by Verizon Launches Full Ad to Air on Univision During the Big Game

3. Verizon cell tower project in west Tupelo rebuffed in final order, potential appeal on horizon

4. One of America 's biggest telecom service provider down for hours, leading to FBI and Homeland security investigation

5. Verizon offers free access to its STEM apprenticeship program

6. Philadelphia Orchestra's home renamed Marian Anderson Hall as Verizon name comes off

7. Philadelphia Orchestra's home renamed Marian Anderson Hall

8. Philadelphia Orchestra's home renamed Marian Anderson Hall as Verizon name comes off The Philadelphia Orchestra's home is being renamed Marian Anderson Hall in honor of the pioneering Black American contralto, a rare case of an ar...

9. US futures rise as traders look beyond Biden exit

10. Authorities are democratically elected in two new municipalities in Sinaloa , Juan José Ríos and Eldorado: Rocha Moya








Long Term Investors who lost money with shares of Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) should contact the Shareholders Foundation in connection with pending Lawsuit
Legal Monitor Worldwide
January 24, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Legal Monitor Worldwide Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 382 words
Body


(GlobeNewswire) - The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. announced that a lawsuit is pending for certain investors in Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) shares.
Investors, who purchased shares of Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) prior to February 2020 and continue to hold any of those NYSE: VZ shares, have also certain options and should contact the Shareholders Foundation at mail@shareholdersfoundation.com  or call +1(858) 779 - 1554.
In August 2023, an investor in Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) shares filed a lawsuit against Verizon Communications Inc. over alleged violations of securities laws. The plaintiff alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and/or failed to disclose, among other things, that Verizon owns cables around the country that are highly toxic due to being wrapped in lead, and which harm Company employees and non-employees alike, that it faces potentially significant litigation risk, regulatory risk, and reputational harm as a result of its ownership of these lead cables and the health risks stemming from their presence around the United States, that it was warned about the damages and risks presented by these cables but did not disclose that they posed a threat to employee safety, to everyday people, and communities around the country, and that as a result, Defendants statements about its business, operations, and prospects were materially false and misleading and/or lacked a reasonable basis at all relevant times. The defendants have not yet filed their motion to dismiss the case.
Those who purchased Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) shares should contact the Shareholders Foundation, Inc.
The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. is a professional portfolio legal monitoring and a settlement claim filing service, which does research related to shareholder issues and informs investors of securities class actions, settlements, judgments, and other legal related news to the stock/financial market. The Shareholders Foundation, Inc. is not a law firm. Any referenced cases, investigations, and/or settlements are not filed/initiated/reached and/or are not related to Shareholders Foundation. The information is only provided as a public service. It is not intended as legal advice and should not be relied upon.

Load-Date: January 24, 2024


End of Document






Total by Verizon Launches Full Ad to Air on Univision During the Big Game
CE Noticias Financieras English
February 8, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 581 words
Body


Brand casts comedian and musician Fred Armisen as director for its Spanish-language spot
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Total by Verizon, a fast-growing no-contract prepaid wireless provider from Verizon, brings back '90s Latin music and laughter to the Big Game with a new version of the hit merengue song "Suavemente." It is directed by comedian, producer and musician Fred Armisen.
Topping the charts and winning hearts around the world, "Suavemente" quickly became a Spanish-language standard in Latin music. The new "Totalmente" campaign, created by Ogilvy, turns the song on its head by transforming its romantic lyrics into a catchy tune called "Totalmente," about the advantages of having a Total by Verizon wireless plan.
"Total by Verizon has a lot to offer consumers, and we are excited to leverage the power of the Big Game to get into the homes of our target customers," said Cheryl Gresham, vice president and chief marketing officer of the Verizon Value organization. "We hope viewers will love our nostalgic and comedic twist on the popular hit 'Suavemente,' and dance over to one of our many Total by Verizon stores to learn more about us."
The commercial begins with a Latino couple, played by Enrique Dueñas and Betzaida Landín, at a dinner party. When Landín laments that she doesn't know how to talk to her partner anymore, Dueñas says it's pretty easy since she switched to Total by Verizon. Dueñas then begins to perform "Totalmente," with imagery referencing the beloved music video for the iconic original.
The spot also includes a surprise cameo by actor Arturo Castro as a waiter who serves the starring couple as the moment unfolds. "Honestly, I have to fight the urge to sing and dance at every meal," said Castro. "It was a pleasure working with the folks at Total by Verizon and the amazing Fred Armisen, who is one of the best to ever do it - I can't wait for everyone to see it!"
The new ad is part of a campaign created by Ogilvy with the song "Totally" available post-game on TikTok, along with a unique Instagram filter for fans to recreate the video. Influencers will also choreograph "Totally" and encourage their followers to recreate them on their own channels. An extended version of the commercial's music video is available for viewing at totalbyverizon.com and .
"It was a pleasure to work on this," said Armisen. "The song felt heartfelt and festive and I didn't want to get in the way of that. The performers were perfect for this. I was very lucky to be able to work with them. It was especially wonderful to do these Spanish versions. My mom will be very proud of that."
The spot will air Sunday, Feb. 11 during the first commercial break of the second quarter of the Big Game telecast on Univision, marking Total by Verizon's advertising debut on the Big Game.
About Total by Verizon
Total by Verizon offers quality, no-contract wireless solutions to price-conscious consumers and is available at its flagship stores and more than 50,000 retail locations nationwide, as well as at totalbyverizon.com.
Total by Verizon is part of the Verizon Value portfolio of prepaid brands, which includes Straight Talk, Visible, Tracfone, Simple Mobile, SafeLink, Walmart Family Mobile and Verizon Prepaid. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE, Nasdaq: VZ) is a leading global provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products and services.
For more information about Total by Verizon, visit TotalbyVerizon.com.
Contacts
Media Contact:David Root 

Load-Date: February 9, 2024


End of Document






Verizon cell tower project in west Tupelo rebuffed in final order, potential appeal on horizon
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)
July 3, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 The Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.)
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency
Section: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS
Length: 764 words
Byline: CALEB MCCLUSKEY, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo
Body


TUPELO — Tupelo officials have finalized an order that grants an appeal reversing previous approval of a proposed Verizon cell tower in northwest Tupelo, essentially ending — at least for now — the national telecom giant's construction plans weeks after residents of the area officially opposed them.
Following a short executive session earlier this week, the Tupelo City Council voted unanimously among present members to approve a final order granting an appeal of the Tupelo Planning Committee’s decision that would have allowed Verizon Communications Inc. to build a 170-foot monopole cell tower near the Belden Pike neighborhood.
“The City Council’s reasons to deny the telecommunications tower need not be elaborate or even sophisticated, but rather simply clear enough to enable judicial review,” the order reads. “A finding of substantial evidence to support the City Council’s denial of a request to place, construct, or modify personal wireless service facilities under the Telecommunications Act (TCA) requires more than a mere scintilla and less than a preponderance of the evidence.”
Verizon has 10 days after the final approval to appeal the decision to a higher court. When asked if the company will appeal to the court, Jackson-based attorney for Baker Donelson, Grant Tarleton, who represents Verizon, said there will be an appeal and filings will be made available to the public.
While the council had no further discussion outside of the closed-door meeting Tuesday night, this action follows multiple public hearings in which residents argued against the project, and representatives of Verizon argued the city had no choice but to allow the tower’s construction. Chief among their arguments was the Telecommunications Act of 1996.
For the project to move forward, it needed flexible use approval. To get that approval, projects must meet three criteria: It must be in harmony with the area and not substantially injurious to the value of properties in the general vicinity; it must conform with all special requirements applicable to the use; and it can’t adversely affect the health and safety of the public.
In the final order, the city explains its reasonings for approving the appeal with multiple points: that the project was not in harmony with the area, that it is not in the best interest of the safety or health of the area, that the appraisals given showing that property values would not be affected originated from outside Northeast Mississippi, that the tower was not use-by-right in the property's zoning is, so the council could disallow the project as use-by-flexibility and that Verizon failed to prove there was a gap in coverage in the area.
The final order deems the project isn't harmonious with surrounding development. While it is located near I-22 and Highway 178 and in a mixed-use employment zone, a neighborhood surrounds it. The closest house stands just 300 feet away from the center of the tower.
One argument city officials made for shooting down the project is the fact that the proposed tower would be close to a circuit line that the Tombigbee Electric Power Association deems vital to its operation. The line is 78 feet away from where the proposed tower would have been built. The recommended distance for a tower to a power line is 75 feet. TEPA CEO Scott Hendrix sent a letter arguing against the project.
Tarleton argued previously that the tower was 80 feet above the line at its peak and was designed to fall in on itself in the event of a collapse.
The Telecommunications Act of 1996 prohibits a municipality from ruling against a cell phone tower based on radio frequency emissions, which is reflected in the final order. Regardless, residents previously brought up concerns about added radiation. The order instead notes the city’s stance on the law that it needs to be updated with advancing technology.
“Almost three decades of FDA, National Research Council Report, Government Accountability Office Report requests recommended cell phone test procedures be reassessed to ensure they reflect real world use and are based on latest science,” the order reads. “In 2013, the FCC opened an official inquiry asking RF limits should be updated, but in 2019 the FCC decided not to update the 1996 (Radiofrequency) limits ... The City Council does concur and find that the 1996 RF wireless radiation rules and safety limits deserve a reassessment.”
___ (c)2024 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Load-Date: July 5, 2024


End of Document






One of America's biggest telecom service provider down for hours, leading to FBI and Homeland security investigation
The Times of India (TOI)
February 23, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Section: GADGETS NEWS
Length: 482 words
Body


AT&T Inc acknowledged that a significant outage that took several hours to fix on Thursday (February 22) was due to an “erroneous procedure” implemented during the expansion of their wireless network. The software glitch disrupted wireless services for hundreds of thousands of users in the US and led to an investigation by the FBI and the US Department of Homeland Security into the outage.FBI and DHS to investigate the outageThe Federal Communications Commission also has been in touch with AT&T to try and ascertain the cause, White House spokesman John Kirby told reporters. “DHS and the FBI are looking into this as well, working with the tech industry, these network providers, to see what we can do from a federal perspective to enhance their investigative efforts to figure out what happened here,” Kirby said.What AT&T said on the downtimeAccording to a report in Bloomberg, an AT&T spokesperson stated, “Our initial analysis suggests that the outage today was the result of the application and execution of a flawed process as we were expanding our network, not a cyber attack. 
We are continuing to evaluate today’s outage to ensure we maintain the level of service our customers expect.”Over one million reports filed on DowndetectorAT&T confirmed that all wireless services were restored by Thursday afternoon, ending a day of inconvenience that started in the early morning hours, New York time. More than 1.5 million outage reports were filed by AT&T customers on the service-tracking website Downdetector.The federal government reportedly initiated an investigation to determine if the network failure was the result of a cyberattack, as per two US officials who wished to remain anonymous due to the sensitive nature of the information.The Federal Communications Commission has also been in contact with AT&T to determine the cause, according to White House spokesperson John Kirby. He added, “The DHS and the FBI are also investigating this, collaborating with the tech industry and network providers to see what can be done from a federal standpoint to support their investigative efforts to determine what occurred here.”Early on Thursday, mobile phone users from various carriers began reporting issues, but it quickly became apparent that AT&T’s network was the primary source of the problem. Outages were reported in cities including New York, Houston, Atlanta, Miami, Chicago, and Dallas. The disruption in service affected communication with emergency responders, prompting officials to advise AT&T customers to use landlines for 911 emergency calls.With approximately 87 million subscribers, AT&T is the third-largest retail wireless carrier in the US, trailing Verizon Communications Inc and T-Mobile US Inc, as per data compiled by Bloomberg. Both Verizon and T-Mobile confirmed that their services were functioning normally.  For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

Load-Date: February 23, 2024


End of Document






Verizon offers free access to its STEM apprenticeship program
CE Noticias Financieras English
March 18, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 873 words
Body


 verizon stem 
Verizon Innovative Learning, the telecommunications company's flagship education initiative, is extending its collaboration with the National Association of Community College Entrepreneurs (NACCE) to bring Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers program to Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), Hispanic community service institutions (HSIs) and community colleges and universities.
Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers is a free, immersive, hands-on science, technology, engineering and math program available to underserved high school students to learn STEM subjects, develop problem-solving skills and access career opportunities in technology fields.
In 2023, 90 percent of students in the summer program said they enjoyed learning new STEM-related subjects, while 83 percent said they could find practical applications of STEM to impact issues affecting the community, nation or world. This year, Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers will expand its reach and look to increase the number of participants from 11,900 students last year to 13,500 this 2024.
Verizon is offering free access to its STEM learning program.
The program's interactive curriculum, developed by Verizon in collaboration with Arizona State University's J. Orin Edson Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship, focuses on four educational tracks: immersive media, smart solutions, digital product innovations and artificial intelligence.
Participants receive mentorship, access to cutting-edge technology - such as 3D printing, augmented reality (AR) and robotics, as well as hands-on training related to challenges in today's world that help develop design thinking and social entrepreneurship. The program takes place on the campuses of 45 HBCUs, HSIs and community colleges across the country.
"As applied sciences and artificial intelligence continue to drive technological innovation, business leaders have a responsibility to ensure inclusion and equitable access to digital education," said Rose Stuckey Kirk, director of corporate social responsibility for Verizon.
"One of our many strategies to address this issue is Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers summer program, which in partnership with NACCE, provides students with hands-on learning, mentoring and opportunities to become familiar with emerging technologies and develop the skills needed to succeed in the digital job market. Expanding opportunities for students to engage with technology over the summer and boost their own digital learning and skills can prepare them for success during the school year, in high school and in life. The STEM Achievers in Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers program do big, bold projects through the program, both in and out of the classroom, and Verizon is honored to be a part of that achievement," Stuckey said.
Free registrations for parents to enroll their sixth- through eighth-graders in the summer sessions on a walk-in basis are now open. Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers program also includes a full-day, in-person workshop in both the fall and spring terms at the partner university.
To enroll in Verizon Innovative Learning's STEM Achievers program, click here.
Next-generation learning for all
Teachers and students can also take advantage of Verizon Innovative Learning HQ, a free, award-winning educational portal that offers state-of-the-art learning tools, including a collection of lesson plans. Through Verizon Innovative Learning HQ, kindergarten through 12th grade (K-12) educators nationwide can access more than 375 lesson plans with 22 augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) applications for free. In addition, the education portal offers teachers extensive training and resources, including more than 50 professional development courses. Teachers can visit Verizon.com/Learning to participate.
More than a decade of commitment to digital equity
Verizon Innovative Learning, Verizon's award-winning education initiative, is celebrating more than a decade of commitment to addressing barriers to digital inclusion for students and teachers. Since 2012, the initiative has invested more than $1 billion to support digital equity, reaching more than 7 million students. Verizon Innovative Learning provides free technology, internet access and innovative learning programs to students in underserved communities, enabling them to develop the skills, knowledge and confidence needed to build an innovative workforce of the future.
A key initiative under Citizen Verizon, the company's responsible business plan for economic, environmental and social progress, Verizon Innovative Learning is helping drive the company's goal of providing digital skills training by 2030 to more than 10 million young people nationwide.
Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE, Nasdaq: VZ] was founded in 2000 and is a leading global provider of technology and communications services. Headquartered in New York City with a global presence, Verizon generated revenues of $134 billion in 2023. The company offers data, video and voice services and solutions on its award-winning networks and platforms, meeting customer demand for mobility, reliable network connectivity and security.

Load-Date: March 19, 2024


End of Document






Philadelphia Orchestra's home renamed Marian Anderson Hall as Verizon name comes off
The Independent (United Kingdom)
February 28, 2024 Wednesday 3:00 PM GMT


Copyright 2024 Independent Digital News and Media Limited All Rights Reserved


Length: 484 words
Byline: Ronald Blum
Highlight: The Philadelphia Orchestra’s home is being renamed Marian Anderson Hall in honor of the pioneering Black American contralto, a rare case of an artist's name replacing a corporation
Body


The Philadelphia  Orchestra's home is being renamed Marian Anderson Hall in honor of the pioneering Black American contralto, a rare case of an artist's name replacing a corporation.
The orchestra's auditorium in the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts was known as Verizon  Hall from 1999 through 2023, as part of a $14.5 million contribution agreed to by Bell Atlantic Corp. before its name change in 2000 to Verizon Communications Inc.
Anderson, who died in 1993 at age 96, was born in Philadelphia and in 1955 became the first Black singer to appear at New York 's Metropolitan Opera.  The renaming was announced Wednesday, a day after the 127th anniversary of her birth.
“Knowing Marion, she would be humble,” said her niece, Ginette DePriest, the wife of late conductor James DePriest. “She always used to say: 'Don’t make any fuss about this,' but I think that the fact that it’s her hometown that she adores — I think she would be obviously honored but mostly humbled by by this gesture.”
Richard Worley and wife Leslie Miller, who live in suburban Bryn Mawr, are underwriting the name change with a $25 million gift to the Philadelphia Orchestra and Kimmel Center, which united in 2021. Worley joined the orchestra's board in 1997 and served as its president from 2009-20; Miller was on the Kimmel Center board from 1999-2008, serving as acting president.
“A tribute to Marian Anderson of this nature, we think it’s long overdue," Miller said,. “She was an iconic artist and she fought discrimination at every turn with grace and grit and kept on going. She deserves this kind of recognition.”
Philadelphia orchestra CEO Matías Tarnopolsky made a presentation to the board in August 2022 to name the hall after Anderson.
"We feel that what we’ve done for the orchestra and other for Philadelphia institutions is well-enough known and well-enough recognized," Miller said. “We just thought with a non-corporate name and a name in honor of someone that deserves the honor we might be able over time to raise more money for sustaining the hall than if we named it after an individual donor.”
A statue of Anderson is planned for the vicinity of the hall.
“We hope that in naming the hall Marian Anderson it will be an indication of the efforts that the orchestra is making to diversify its audiences, its programing, and in so doing, to be more relevant to all Philadelphians and beyond,” Miller said.
Tarnopolsky and music director Yannick Nézet-Séguin have in recent years programmed music written by Black Americans Florence Price, Valerie Coleman and William Grant Still.
“We have a lot of catching up to do,” Tarnopolsky said. “We began that journey several years ago and it’s ongoing and we feel like we’re making some really positive change. So what’s the logical next chapter is what we asked ourselves. And we thought about the legendary artist, civil rights icon and Philadelphian Marian Anderson.”

Load-Date: February 28, 2024


End of Document






Philadelphia Orchestra's home renamed Marian Anderson Hall
The Morning Call
February 29, 2024 Thursday
FIRST Edition


Copyright 2024 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Section: MAIN; A; Pg. 3
Length: 482 words
Byline: Ronald Blum
Body


The Philadelphia Orchestra's home is being renamed Marian Anderson Hall in honor of the pioneering Black American contralto, a rare case of an artist's name replacing a corporation.
The orchestra's auditorium in the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts was known as Verizon Hall from 1999 through 2023, as part of a $14.5 million contribution agreed to by Bell Atlantic Corp. before its name change in 2000 to Verizon Communications Inc.
Anderson, who died in 1993 at age 96, was born in Philadelphia and in 1955 became the first Black singer to appear at New York's Metropolitan Opera. The renaming was announced Wednesday, a day after the 127th anniversary of her birth.
"Knowing Marian, she would be humble," said her niece, Ginette DePriest, the wife of late conductor James DePriest. "She always used to say: 'Don't make any fuss about this,' but I think that the fact that it's her hometown that she adores - I think she would be obviously honored but mostly humbled by this gesture."
Richard Worley and wife Leslie Miller, who live in suburban Bryn Mawr, are underwriting the name change with a $25 million gift to the Philadelphia Orchestra and Kimmel Center, which united in 2021. Worley joined the orchestra's board in 1997 and served as its president from 2009-20; Miller was on the Kimmel Center board from 1999-2008, serving as acting president.
"A tribute to Marian Anderson of this nature, we think it's long overdue," Miller said,. "She was an iconic artist and she fought discrimination at every turn with grace and grit and kept on going. She deserves this kind of recognition."
Philadelphia orchestra CEO Matías Tarnopolsky made a presentation to the board in August 2022 to name the hall after Anderson.
"We feel that what we've done for the orchestra and other Philadelphia institutions is well-enough known and well-enough recognized," Miller said. "We just thought with a non-corporate name and a name in honor of someone that deserves the honor we might be able over time to raise more money for sustaining the hall than if we named it after an individual donor."
A statue of Anderson is planned for the vicinity of the hall.
"We hope that in naming the hall Marian Anderson it will be an indication of the efforts that the orchestra is making to diversify its audiences, its programing, and in so doing, to be more relevant to all Philadelphians and beyond," Miller said.
Tarnopolsky and music director Yannick Nézet-Séguin have in recent years programmed music written by Black Americans Florence Price, Valerie Coleman and William Grant Still.
"We have a lot of catching up to do," Tarnopolsky said. "We began that journey several years ago and it's ongoing and we feel like we're making some really positive change. So what's the logical next chapter is what we asked ourselves. And we thought about the legendary artist, civil rights icon and Philadelphian Marian Anderson."

Load-Date: February 29, 2024


End of Document






Philadelphia Orchestra's home renamed Marian Anderson Hall as Verizon name comes off; The Philadelphia Orchestra's home is being renamed Marian Anderson Hall in honor of the pioneering Black American contralto, a rare case of an artist's name replacing a corporation
Dayton Daily News (Ohio)
February 28, 2024 Wednesday


Distributed by Newsbank, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 Cox Ohio Publishing. 
Section: NATION WORLD
Length: 517 words
Byline: RONALD BLUM
Body


The Philadelphia Orchestra's home is being renamed Marian Anderson Hall in honor of the pioneering Black American contralto, a rare case of an artist's name replacing a corporation.
The orchestra's auditorium in the Kimmel Center for the Performing Arts was known as Verizon Hall from 1999 through 2023, as part of a $14.5 million contribution agreed to by Bell Atlantic Corp. before its name change in 2000 to Verizon Communications Inc. 
Anderson, who died in 1993 at age 96, was born in Philadelphia and in 1955 became the first Black singer to appear at New York's Metropolitan Opera. The renaming was announced Wednesday, a day after the 127th anniversary of her birth. 
"Knowing Marian, she would be humble," said her niece, Ginette DePriest, the wife of late conductor James DePriest. "She always used to say: 'Don't make any fuss about this,' but I think that the fact that it's her hometown that she adores  I think she would be obviously honored but mostly humbled by by this gesture." 
Richard Worley and wife Leslie Miller, who live in suburban Bryn Mawr, are underwriting the name change with a $25 million gift to the Philadelphia Orchestra and Kimmel Center, which united in 2021. Worley joined the orchestra's board in 1997 and served as its president from 2009-20; Miller was on the Kimmel Center board from 1999-2008, serving as acting president. 
"A tribute to Marian Anderson of this nature, we think it's long overdue," Miller said. "She was an iconic artist and she fought discrimination at every turn with grace and grit and kept on going. She deserves this kind of recognition." 
The newly named hall will reopen with a concert on June 8 featuring music director Yannick Nézet-Séguin conducting a program with Broadway star Audra McDonald, soprano Angel Blue and pianist Marcus Roberts. 
Philadelphia orchestra CEO Matías Tarnopolsky made a presentation to the board in August 2022 to name the hall after Anderson. 
"We feel that what we've done for the orchestra and other Philadelphia institutions is well-enough known and well-enough recognized," Miller said. "We just thought with a non-corporate name and a name in honor of someone that deserves the honor we might be able over time to raise more money for sustaining the hall than if we named it after an individual donor." 
A statue of Anderson is planned for the vicinity of the hall. 
"We hope that in naming the hall Marian Anderson it will be an indication of the efforts that the orchestra is making to diversify its audiences, its programing, and in so doing, to be more relevant to all Philadelphians and beyond," Miller said. 
Tarnopolsky and music director Nézet-Séguin have in recent years programmed music written by Black Americans Florence Price, Valerie Coleman and William Grant Still. 
"We have a lot of catching up to do," Tarnopolsky said. "We began that journey several years ago and it's ongoing and we feel like we're making some really positive change. So what's the logical next chapter is what we asked ourselves. And we thought about the legendary artist, civil rights icon and Philadelphian Marian Anderson."

Graphic

 
FILE - Singer Marian Anderson, a member of the U.S. delegation to the United Nations, appears in her New York apartment on Aug. 5, 1958. (AP Photo, File)

Load-Date: February 29, 2024


End of Document






US futures rise as traders look beyond Biden exit
 
The News International
July 23, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 The News International All Rights Reserved


Section: Vol. 35; No. 99
Length: 596 words
Body


 US tech stocks were poised to rebound from their worst week since April as investors looked beyond Joe Biden ending his presidential reelection campaign and mainly focused on earnings, reports Bloomberg.
Market reaction to Biden's decision to quit the race and endorse Kamala Harris has so far been fairly muted, with a Bloomberg gauge of dollar strength slipping 0.1 per cent, while the 10-year Treasury yield dropped two basis points. Democrats face the task of uniting around a new nominee just weeks before their convention, and must rapidly make up ground against Republican frontrunner Donald Trump.
Investors have been wagering on Trump's return to the White House for weeks, trimming holdings of long-term US bonds and buying Bitcoin, among other things. Now, they're considering whether the 'Trump Trade' is still on. The uncertainty may translate into volatility for markets, though for now, much attention is on earnings and the outlook for monetary policy.
'We are more focused on the cadence of the business cycle than on the outcome of the election,' said Morgan Stanley strategist Michael Wilson. 'While markets have been digesting the rising odds of a Trump win, cyclical upside from here will likely be dependent on growth.'
Nasdaq 100 futures contracts jumped 1.0 per cent, signaling a partial recovery from last week's 4 per cent slump. S and P futures climbed 0.6 per cent. Europe's Stoxx 600 index rose more than 1.0 per cent, snapping a five-day losing streak.
Investors have their hands full dealing with major earnings this week. Tesla Inc and Alphabet Inc will be the first of the 'Magnificent Seven' to report on Tuesday. Analysts will likely press Elon Musk's electric-vehicle giant on the progress of its plans for robotaxis. And investors will delve into the details of Google's parent revenue boost from artificial intelligence.
'It's a good reporting season so far, but you have to wonder what are the catalysts for the market to keep on rising further?' said Andrew Pease, global head of investment strategy at Russell Investments Ltd. 'A lot of the hope is that we get this rotation away from the Mag Seven to the S and P 493 and the equal-weighted index starts to catch up with the cap-weighted. Asymmetry is still the watchword right now.'
In US premarket trading, Verizon Communications Inc slid after reporting operating revenue that missed analysts' estimates as fewer people upgraded wireless equipment. CrowdStrike Holdings Inc fell as much as 4.9 per cent as Guggenheim Securities cut the rating on the stock to neutral from buy, after a faulty software update from the cybersecurity firm affected 8.5 million devices that rely on Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system.
Companies in Europe have made a positive start to the reporting season, according to strategists at Morgan Stanley said, with 29 per cent beating profit expectations. Ryanair Holdings Plc, however, failed to boost that track record Monday, falling as much as 16 per cent after the Irish budget carrier cut its outlook for ticket prices in the crucial summer travel period. Rivals EasyJet Plc and IAG SA also fell.
In Asia, stocks continued to be dragged lower by a weak tech sector. Chinese bonds were a highlight, gaining after the central bank cut a policy interest rate. The country's stocks fell, as investors continued to express disappointment at a lack of strong stimulus measures from a recent major Communist Party meeting.
Elsewhere this week, traders will be focused on economic activity data in Europe, US second-quarter growth and a Bank of Canada rate decision.

Load-Date: July 23, 2024


End of Document






Authorities are democratically elected in two new municipalities in Sinaloa, Juan José Ríos and Eldorado: Rocha Moya
CE Noticias Financieras English
June 10, 2024 Monday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 630 words
Body


The 50 most important telecommunications services companies in the world reduced their level of capital expenditure by 3.5% during the year 2023, a decline that will continue in 2024 and the rest of the decade due to different factors such as the emergence of new businesses, investments already made in network deployment and ineffective public policies of different countries for this industry.
A report by the consulting firm Analysys Mason indicated that the 50 largest operators in the world account for 78% of all capital expenditure in this industry worldwide, hence the importance of a rise or fall in their level of capital expenditure that impacts the entire sector.
Analysys Mason recalled that these operators presented a 7.8% jump in their capital expenditure for the year 2022, but that level will not be repeated, as the capital expenditure for the construction of new networks began a long decline, forcing them and the rest of the industry to think about new businesses beyond the traditional video, voice and mobile broadband services.
Globally, the main telecommunications service corporations in terms of their presence in different countries and through different brands; also in terms of revenue volume, users and brand value, after serving a little more than 3 billion fixed and mobile accesses, are:
China Telecom.
AT&T Inc.
China Mobile Ltd.
Verizon Communications Inc.
Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp.
Softbank Group Corp.
Deutsche Telekom AG.
Vodafone Group.
TMobile.
Telefónica S.A.
América Móvil
KDDI Corp.
Orange.
Analysys Mason said the biggest drop in capital spending was recorded in North America, down 18.1% and led by the three major cellular operators. The decline might have been larger, except that the two major cable companies made investments in the deployment of new fixed networks. In North America, investment in 5G cellular networks decreased, while spending on the creation of new fixed networks with fiber optics remained the same, the consulting firm said.
The latest results from operators confirm that capital spending declined globally through 2023, and forecasts indicate further declines (...) It will be bad news for equipment suppliers and contracted civil engineering firms, but improving cash flow opens up interesting options for operators," Analysys Mason said.
In China, while overall capital spending remained stable last year, a drop in spending for 5G was also identified. In Japan and South Korea investment was able to grow by 0.5% year-on-year. But in Europe Capex fell by 5.5%, as investments in 5G networks have also reached a maturity point and fiber to the premise or FTTP is now gaining share in companies' plans.
In emerging markets, overall investment would have grown by as much as 8%, but this is thanks to the size of the Indian market, which offset declines in investment in other emerging countries.
Analysys Mason said that of 42 telecom operators that agreed to share plans for capital spending in 2024, 28 confirmed they would reduce that item in the year.
The telecoms companies' reasons also lie in the fact that the deployments already made in fiber optics are investments in assets with a long useful life, hence it is possible that by the end of the decade, around 2030, the degree of intensity to capital expenditure will have reduced from 20% in 2022, to between 12% and 14% in 2030.
"Capex will fall, basically, because users need nothing more than a 1 Gbps fiber network and unlimited 5G which today's networks are easily capable of delivering (...) In these circumstances, there is a clear case for investing Capex in anything that maximizes the efficient and sustainable use of physical assets as they are, and unlocking any opportunities that exist in new business models," urged Analysys Mason.

Load-Date: June 11, 2024


End of Document
