
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239403097

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Visa Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. JFTC begins inspection of Visa Inc.'s Japan unit Subsidiary suspected of coercing partners

2. Visa, Inc. Q3 2024 earnings

3. Visa, Inc. Q2 2024 earnings

4. Visa, Inc Q1 2024 earnings

5. Father's Day: Peruvians will spend on average between 250 and 280 soles on gifts

6. Visa sees robust growth with 9% profit rise as payments are increasingly digital

7. Checking top performance leaders

8. Biden's special trade group to arrive next week in Manila

9. Questions remain in Discover acquisition

10. Wall Street today: US stocks trade higher after promising inflation data raises Fed rate cut bets; 3M Co. gains 18.99%








JFTC begins inspection of Visa Inc.'s Japan unit; Subsidiary suspected of coercing partners
The Japan News
July 18, 2024 Thursday
T Edition


Copyright 2024 The Yomiuri Shimbun All Rights Reserved


Section: OTHERS; Pg. 1;; No. 26450
Length: 340 words
Byline: The Yomiuri Shimbun
Body


The Japan Fair Trade Commission began Wednesday on-site inspections of Visa Inc.'s Japan subsidiary over an alleged violation of the Antimonopoly Law. The subsidiary is suspected to have coerced its partners into using its own credit reference system.
Visa Worldwide Japan Co. is believed to have aimed to oust rival companies from the market. It is the first time for the JFTC to investigate potential violations of the law over credit card transactions.
The involvement of Visa Worldwide Pte Ltd., which is based in Singapore and oversees the Asia region, is also under suspicion, and an investigation into Visa's American headquarters is being considered.
The credit card industry is comprised of three types of companies - international brands like Visa that provide payment functions; issuers that manage memberships, including screening and other processes; and acquirers which focus on acquiring new stores that can perform credit card transactions.A credit inquiry is made by an acquirer, which has card usage agreements with restaurants and other stores, to the issuer of a consumer's card.
If the inquiry results in a successful transaction without any problems, the acquirer pays a transaction fee to the issuer.
According to sources, Visa Worldwide Japan is suspected of having forced acquirers over the past several years to use its own credit reference system when they conduct inquiries into such things as signs of fraudulent use or counterfeiting by a card user, as well as whether their credit limit has been exceeded.
The subsidiary conveyed its intention to raise transaction fees it charges to acquirers if they instead used a rival system by Tokyo-based NTT Data Japan Corp. and other companies.
The partners affected include Sumitomo Mitsui Card Co., Rakuten Card Co., Credit Saison Co., UC Card Co. and Mitsubishi UFJ Nicos Co.
They are believed to have complied with the demands of Visa Worldwide Japan because most of them have agreements with stores and feared a decline in profits due to an increase in transaction fees.

Load-Date: July 17, 2024


End of Document






Visa, Inc. Q3 2024 earnings
AP Planner
July 18, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: NEWS AGENDA; Highlights; Business Top Stories
Length: 28 words
Body


Visa, Inc. Q3 2024 earnings, for the multinational financial services corporation
Event Start Date: 2024-07-23
Event End Date: 2024-07-23
Event URL: https://investor.visa.com/

Load-Date: July 18, 2024


End of Document






Visa, Inc. Q2 2024 earnings
AP Planner
April 18, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INDUSTRY VERTICALS; Highlights; Financial Services
Length: 28 words
Body


Visa, Inc. Q2 2024 earnings, for the multinational financial services corporation
Event Start Date: 2024-04-23
Event End Date: 2024-04-23
Event URL: https://investor.visa.com/

Load-Date: April 18, 2024


End of Document






Visa, Inc Q1 2024 earnings
AP Planner
January 18, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INTERNATIONAL; Highlights; International Business News
Length: 27 words
Body


Visa, Inc Q1 2024 earnings, for the multinational financial services corporation
Event Start Date: 2024-01-25
Event End Date: 2024-01-25
Event URL: investor.visa.com/

Load-Date: January 18, 2024


End of Document






Father's Day: Peruvians will spend on average between 250 and 280 soles on gifts
CE Noticias Financieras English
June 13, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 333 words
Body


In the run-up to Father's Day, families prepare to celebrate an essential figure in the home. It is an opportunity to express gratitude and affection, often accompanied by gifts and special meals. However, the current economic context has influenced the consumption habits of Peruvians, who seek to balance the celebration with financial responsibility.
For this year, economic expectations are not very optimistic; it is estimated that Peruvians will spend between 250 and 280 soles on Father's Day gifts, according to the Lima Chamber of Commerce (CCL). This budget includes purchases driven by events such as the Copa America which, in a more favorable context, could have exceeded 300 soles.
Antonio Quiroz, economist and postgraduate professor at UPC, mentions: "Retail and distribution services, as well as restaurants, are usually the sectors with the greatest dynamism in June. The products that dominate sales at this time are clothing, footwear, electronic equipment and cell phones".
Despite the challenging economic outlook, Father's Day sales remain stable compared to Mother's Day sales. According to the Survey of Macroeconomic Expectations of the Central Reserve Bank of Peru, in May, more than 50% of retailers reported that they fared worse than expected. However, the release of AFP funds could improve household liquidity in the coming months, boosting purchases in June and July.
To this end, promotions and discounts will be crucial to attract consumers. "In periods of crisis, consumers focus on price but try to maintain quality," says Quiroz. Emotional marketing campaigns will also play an important role, highlighting the sentimental value of gifts.
In terms of payment methods, more than 50% of purchases are made with debit cards, while credit cards account for 40%, according to the Visa Inc. report. In addition, e-wallets such as Yape and Plin have doubled their commercial transactions in 2024 compared to the previous year, showing a growing trend towards digital payments.

Load-Date: June 14, 2024


End of Document






Visa sees robust growth with 9% profit rise as payments are increasingly digital
mirror.co.uk
July 24, 2024 Wednesday 2:48 PM GMT


Copyright 2024 Reach PLC All Rights Reserved


Section: MONEY; Version:1
Length: 293 words
Byline: By, Lawrence Matheson
Highlight: Visa processed $3.325trillion in transactions on its network during the quarter, up 7.4% from a year earlier. Much of the payments growth came from Europe and Latin America, but US payments grew by 5.1%
Body


Visa Inc. , the payment processing giant, announced on Tuesday that its fiscal third-quarter profits had risen by 9% on an adjusted basis.
This increase is due to consumers and businesses shifting their payments from cash to credit and debit cards. The San Francisco-based firm reported earnings of $4.87 billion, or $2.40 a share, compared to a profit of $4.16 billion, or $2.00 a share, in the same period a year earlier. After excluding one-time items, Visa's earnings were $2.42 a share, which was in line with what analysts had expected, according to FactSet.
During the quarter, Visa processed $3.325 trillion in transactions on its network, marking a 7.4% increase from a year earlier. The growth in payments primarily came from Europe and Latin America, but US payments also grew by 5.1%, outpacing US economic growth.
Visa earns a fee from every transaction processed on its network. These fees vary depending on the industry and whether the transaction is made with a credit or debit card, but they generally range between 1% to 4%. Since the pandemic, more consumers worldwide have been shopping online for goods and services, resulting in increased revenue for Visa in the form of fees.
Even traditionally cash-heavy businesses like bars, barbers and coffee shops have started accepting credit or debit cards as a form of payment. While the world is steadily shifting towards digital payments, the rate of adoption appears to be decelerating slightly. Visa has reported a slowdown in the growth of credit and debit card payment volumes from 8% to 7%.
This could be partially attributed to Visa's market becoming too large to maintain its previous rapid growth, but it could also be due to a decrease in new industries for Visa to transition to digital.

Load-Date: July 24, 2024


End of Document






Checking top performance leaders
Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)
May 1, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Tribune Review Publishing Company All Rights Reserved
Section: Tribune-Review Westmoreland
Length: 786 words
Byline: by John Dorfman
Body


The website Gurufocus.com tracks the stock picks and performance of a few dozen famous investors. In the past five years, half a dozen of them had annual returns exceeding 17%. 
Ron Baron leads the parade. His Baron Partners Fund had a 31.2% annual return. 
In today's column, we'll take a peek inside the portfolios of Baron and the other five investors who have had the hottest hands the past five years. One caution: Investment success can appear or vanish in a flash. 
My mentor David Dreman, for many years a successful mutual-fund manager, once said to me, "John, I'm so tired of being a genius one year and an idiot then next -- and with the very same stocks." 
Ron Baron 
Ron Baron is the founder of Baron Capital Management in New York City. His firm manages about 19 mutual funds, with assets totaling about $37 billion. 
As of Dec. 31, Baron's biggest holding by far was Tesla Inc. (TSLA), Elon Musk's electric-car company. Since that date, the stock has slid 32%. I don't know if Baron has trimmed his holdings or added to them. But he tends to hold stocks for the long haul. 
Investors are deserting Tesla stock in droves because the company's sales and earnings -- which had been on a steady upward course -- declined in the March quarter. The stock peaked at $409.97 in November 2021. It now (as of April 26) sells for about $168. 
I wouldn't count Elon Musk out, but Tesla stock is still too expensive for me at 43 times earnings. 
Among Baron's other holdings were Gartner Inc. (IT), a technology consultant; Co-Star Group Inc. (CSGP), a real-estate information firm, and Arch Capital Group ltd. (ACGL), a Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance firm. 
Bill Ackman 
The founder of Pershing Square Capital Management, Bill Ackman is an activist hedge-fund manager. He usually holds relatively few positions and often presses for strategic changes at the companies in which he invests. Gurufocus.com gives his five-year return as 20.4% per year. 
As of Dec. 31, his biggest holding was Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (CMG). He bought it in 2016 when the stock was depressed by a food poisoning (E. coli) problem affecting the restaurant chain. Buying on bad news takes guts but is often a path to profits. 
Other major holdings for Ackman were Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR), Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (HLT) and Howard Hughes Holdings Inc. (HHH). 
Bruce Berkowitz 
The managing member of the Fairholme Fund, Bruce Berkowitz can boast a 19.3% annual return over the past five years. 
His biggest holding is St. Joe Co., the largest landowner in Florida, which he has held for about 15 years. He is the company's largest stockholder and a member of its board of directors. 
St. Joe owns about 171,000 acres in Florida (mostly the Northwest coast) and has been gradually building hotels and residential developments on some of its acreage. It also has some medical properties, including Sacred Heart Hospital in Santa Rosa Beach. 
Elfun Trusts 
I'll skip over Elfun Trusts fairly quickly because it is a fund in which only General Electric employees and trustees can invest. The five-year return, per Gurufocus.com, is 17.8% a year. The largest holdings are Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), Apple Inc. (AAPL), Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) and Nvidia Corp. (NVDA). 
Harbor Capital 
Spiros Segalas ran the Harbor Capital Appreciation Fund (HACAX) for 33 years until his death in early 2023. Now it's run by a team at Jennison Associates. The annual return has averaged 17.5% over the past five years. 
Its four biggest holdings are precisely the same as those at Elfun Trusts (though not in the same order). Some other 
holdings include Eli Lilly and Co. (LLY), Visa Inc. (V), Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) and MasterCard Inc. (MA). 
David Rolfe 
David Rolfe is the longtime portfolio manager at Wedgewood Partners, which posted a 17.3% annual return over the past five years. He runs a concentrated portfolio and looks for companies with high profitability and a product or service that is "practically irreplaceable." 
As of December, his top positions were PayPal Holdings Inc. (PYPL), Edwards Lifesciences Corp. (EW) and Visa Inc. (V), followed by Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) and Texas Pacific Land Corp. (TPL). 
Should you buy the stocks these celebrated investors hold? Not necessarily. Today's resident of the investment penthouse may be tomorrow's occupant of the investment outhouse. 
Still, when a manager compiles an outstanding record over a meaningful period, his or her investment choices deserve research and consideration. 
Disclosure: I own Alphabet and Apple personally and for clients. Another manager at my firm owns Microsoft and Nvidia. A third has a short position in Tesla (betting on a decline). One of my clients owns Eli Lilly. 

Load-Date: May 3, 2024


End of Document






Biden's special trade group to arrive next week in Manila
 
Business Mirror (Philippines)
March 9, 2024 Saturday


Copyright 2024 Business Mirror All Rights Reserved


Length: 329 words
Body


 The special trade delegation to the Philippines handpicked by US President Joe Biden will arrive on Monday, March 11, the White House announced Friday.
Leading the delegation is US Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo.
The Presidential Trade and Investment Mission to the Philippines is scheduled to meet Philippine business leaders and industry captains during their two-day visit.
A total of 22 CEOs and executives of top US companies will join the delegation are. They are:
Steven Brown, President, GreenFire Energy Inc.
Sapna Chadha, Vice President, Southeast Asia and South Asia Frontier, Google Asia Pacific
Narsingh Chaudhary, President, Asia Pacific and India, Black and Veatch Corp.
Chris Clark, Chairman, Asia Pacific, Visa Inc.
Mark Ein, Chairman, President's Export Council
Charlie Ergen, Co-Founder/Chairman of the Board, EchoStar/DISH
Kimberly Getgen, Founder and CEO, InnovationForce
Brett Hart, President, United Airlines
Laura Lane, Executive Vice President and Chief Corporate Affairs and Sustainability Officer, United Parcel Service (UPS)
Rich Lesser, Global Chair, Boston Consulting Group
David Luboff, Partner, Head of Asia Pacific Infrastructure and Co-Head of KKR Asia Pacific, KKR
Thomas L. Marquis, Co-Founder, Vice President and Director of Marketing, Marquis
Scott McHugo, CEO and Chairman of the Board, Sol-Go
Sara Murphy, President, Capital One Philippines
Ted Osius, President and CEO, US-Asean Business Council
Anne-Marie Padgett, Regional President, East Asia and Pacific, Bechtel
Allan Pineda (aka Apl.de.Ap), Founder, Apl.de.Ap Foundation International
Kawal Preet, President of Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa Region, FedEx
Shamina Singh, Founder and President, Mastercard Center for Inclusive Growth, and Executive Vice President, Sustainability, Mastercard
Mary Snapp, Vice President, Global Strategic Initiatives, Office of the President, Microsoft Corp.
Eric Starr, Co-Founder and CEO, UltraPass ID
Francesco Venneri, Founder and CEO, Ultra Safe Nuclear Corp.

Load-Date: March 10, 2024


End of Document






Questions remain in Discover acquisition
Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)
February 20, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Tribune Review Publishing Company All Rights Reserved
Section: Tribune-Review Westmoreland
Length: 285 words
Byline: Bloomberg News
Body


Capital One Financial Corp., the U.S. lender backed by Warren Buffett, is set to buy Discover Financial Services in a $35 billion deal that will bring together two of the biggest credit card firms and allow them to compete with other Wall Street behemoths. 
Here are some takeaways on the pending merger: 
What will the sale mean? 
The tie-up is set to shake up the credit card landscape in the U.S., and the acquisition marks one of the industry's biggest deals since the 2008 financial crisis. 
Discover is the smallest of the four U.S.-based payment networks, which also include Visa Inc., American Express Co. and Mastercard Inc. Capital One historically has had to partner with Visa and Mastercard to issue its cards. With Discover, it could cut both of those payment giants out of the mix. 
Will I get a  new credit card? 
That's not entirely clear. The deal should allow Capital One to rely on its own network for at least some of its credit cards, having historically relied on Visa and Mastercard for that service. But the companies haven't said yet if they'll keep all their existing products or choose to roll out new cards. 
Will regulators  approve the sale? 
The deal is pending regulatory approval that's expected in late 2024 or early 2025. Given the size of the deal, Bloomberg Intelligence expects "significant regulatory scrutiny." Joe Biden's administration also is becoming tougher on promoting competition in the sector. 
But analysts largely believe this will create more competition for Visa and Mastercard. That could help Capital One and Discover grease the wheels with regulators and gain approval for the deal because antitrust regulators have long had those payment giants in their crosshairs. 

Load-Date: February 22, 2024


End of Document






Wall Street today: US stocks trade higher after promising inflation data raises Fed rate cut bets; 3M Co. gains 18.99%
MINT
July 26, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 409 words
Dateline: New Delhi 
Body


New Delhi, July 26 -- The US stock markets opened at a high before Friday's trading session after promising inflation data raises Federal Reserve rate cut expectations.
At 9:30 am (EDT) the stock markets opened for the United States at a high. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.51 per cent at 40,140.90 on the opening bell as compared to the previous close of 39,935.07 after Thursday's market session.
Personal consumption expenditure (PCE) rose 2.6 per cent as compared to a 3.4 increase in the last quarter. The PCE price index rose 2.9 per cent as compared to a 3.7 per cent increase in the last quarter, according to the US government data released on July 25.
The Nasdaq Composite rose 0.87 per cent rising at 17,336.90 on the market open, as compared to the previous close at 17,186.72. The S&P 500 opened 0.64 per cent higher at 5,433.67 as compared to 5,399.22 on the previous day.
The Nasdaq Composite index rose the most in Friday's market open as the stocks are recovering from the week's fall, in line with the US Federal Reserves rate cut expectations.
Stocks like 3M Co., United Health Group Inc., Salesforce Inc., Travelers Cos Inc., Visa Inc. Class A, and Boeing Co., are some of the gainers on Friday. Honeywell International Inc. and Walmart Inc. are amongst the laggers in the Dow Jones Industrial Average Index according to Marketwatch US markets data.
Nasdaq Composite stocks like BurgerFi International Inc., Windtree Theraputics Inc., Estrella Immunopharma Inc., Carbon Revolution Plc., Regencell Bioscience Holdings Ltd., and Newell Brands Inc., were among the gainers. Whereas Nature's Miracle Holding Inc., Tantech Holding Ltd., and DexCom Inc., were among the laggers on Friday.
S&P 500's Friday rise was fueled by stocks like 3M Co., Mohawk Industries Inc., Charter Communications Inc. Class A, Norfolk Southern Corp., and Bristol Myers Squibb Co. Whereas stocks like DexCom Inc., Biogen Inc., L3Harris Technologies Inc., ResMed Inc., were lagging, as per the Marketwatch data.
The US Q2 GDP data release showed signs of an upcoming rate cut from the US Federal Reserve as the economy saw an increase in real GDP reflected through the rise in consumer spending on goods and services focusing on healthcare, housing and utilities.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from MINT. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htdigital.in

Load-Date: July 26, 2024


End of Document
