
User Name: = 
Date and Time: = 2024-11-25
Job Number: = 239403135

Documents (10)
Client/Matter: -None-
Search Terms: Walmart Inc and publication-type(Newspapers)
Search Type: Boolean
Content Type|Narrowed by|
news|Language: English Timeline: Jan 01, 2024 to Jul 31, 2024 Geography News: North America Subject: Business News |

1. Walmart pursues packaging, recycling initiatives

2. Walmart Inc new shares commence trading

3. Garment firm hiring 1,000 workers

4. Walmart faces misleading pricing lawsuit: shelves differ with final costs

5. Walmart announces 10% first-quarter gain and raises its full-year forecast for 2024

6. Walmart de México has a new Chairman of the Board of Directors

7. Walmart supplier hiring over 1,000 PH factory workers

8. Claudia Sheinbaum met with the president and CEO of Walmart .

9. Pioneering business window opens for Chilean producers: they could sell some US$ 50 million annually

10. Walmart Partners with Consumers Energy to Power 44 Michigan Locations with Clean Energy








Walmart pursues packaging, recycling initiatives
Industrial Goods Monitor Worldwide
April 23, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Global Data Point. Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. All Rights Reserved


Length: 376 words
Body


Walmart Inc. is continuing efforts to promote sustainable packaging and product recycling.
In 2017, Walmart introduced Project Gigaton, an initiative to avoid one gigaton (one billion metric tons) of carbon dioxide from its global value chain by 2030. Since that time, the discount giant has launched numerous efforts to promote sustainability across its enterprise and among its partners and customers, including a new co-promotion to encourage using cold water for laundry with detergent brand Tide.
In addition, Walmart is unveiling new initiatives in product packaging and recycling in time for Earth Day (Monday, April 22):
Packaging
Walmart says it is the largest seller of countertop microwaves in the U.S. and now, its latest private brand microwaves in the U.S. come packaged without the usual expanded polystyrene packaging (often called Styrofoam). According to Walmart, this step helps deliver a better customer experience and eliminates an estimated 2,000 metric tons of plastic waste per year in the process.
In addition, Walmart is now selling snorkel sets in the U.S. in reusable travel/storage bags instead of plastic packaging and is also working to eliminate all plastic packaging from its private label bedding by 2025.
In its packaging for e-commerce shipments, where Walmart has been using AI to help reduce waste, the company is also now transitioning from plastic to paper mailers for most deliveries.
Recycling
Walmart is piloting an initiative with Trashie, a clothing recycling platform that provides the "Take Back Bag" as a way to recycle clothing, shoes, accessories and textiles. Customers can fill up the bag with unwanted items and send it to Trashie for potential reuse or recycling, mirroring the process of an online return.
Walmart and Sams Club are also integrating circularity into their home and garden lines with rubber mulch made from recycled rubber. Both businesses recently collaborated with Liberty Tire to launch the Members Mark Rubber Mulch and the Ground Smart Black Rubber Nugget Mulch product lines.
Based in Bentonville, Ark., Walmart Inc. operates more than 10,500 stores and numerous e-commerce websites in 19 countries. Sams Club, a division of Walmart Inc., operates nearly 600 stores in the U.S. and Puerto Rico.

Load-Date: April 23, 2024


End of Document






Walmart Inc new shares commence trading
AP Planner
January 31, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Associated Press All Rights Reserved
Section: INDUSTRY VERTICALS; Fortune 500; General Retailers
Length: 44 words
Body


Walmart Inc new shares commence trading following the 3-for-1 stock split. Shareholders will receive a distribution of two additional shares of common stock for each share held.
Event Start Date: 2024-02-26
Event End Date: 2024-02-26
Event URL: http://www.walmart.com

Load-Date: January 31, 2024


End of Document






Garment firm hiring 1,000 workers
Manila Bulletin
May 15, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Manila Bulletin All Rights Reserved


Length: 423 words
Dateline: Manila 
Body


Manila, May 15 -- WeLively Inc., a local garment manufacturer, is hiring 1,000 workers to augment its production capacity to serve additional orders from its principal - Walmart Inc.
Robert M. Young, president of Foreign Buyers Association of the Philippines (FOBAP), made the announcement in a statement to the press on Wednesday, May 15.
According to Young, WeLively is owned by former employees of a defunct big garment manufacturer in the country. It started small with 200 to 300 workers but has now 1,500 to 2,000 workers with three garment factories. The additional garment sewers would be deployed to WeLively's manufacturing plants in Laguna, Batangas, and Clark.
Young noted that Walmart Inc. is now the biggest retail chain store in the world with $650 billion in sales for 2023-2024 surpassing Amazon and Costco combined.
Young said that the company is in expansion mode due to sizeable export orders being shifted to other countries such as Vietnam, Bangladesh, Philippines, among others. The main reason for the shift in sourcing for garments is the US-China trade conflict on the usage of banned cotton to the US market.
Since the garment supplies for Walmart are non-cotton apparel, the retail giant will not be affected by the US-China trade conflict. And even if they would be requiring cotton fabric, the company has already stopped sourcing cotton-based materials from China.
Walmart, Young said, is now the biggest retail chain store in the world with $650 billion in sales for 2023-24 surpassing Amazon and Costco combined.
Young expressed hope that the additional hiring would be able to offset the displaced 2,000 apparel laborers announced recently by another garment manufacturer that produces for famous apparel brands.
"Hopefully, the positive development will calm the concerns and apprehensions of foreign buyers that Philippine garment industry is on its way to extinction," Young said.
"We believe that with the appropriate government attention and intervention, the garment and textile industry will be revived in its former glory, thus, contributing to the employment generation and foreign revenue for the country. Young said," Young said.
Young added that FOBAP, as an export trade group, has been in existence for the past 47 years and has been hitting an average of $1 billion in export sales annually.
Published by HT Digital Content Services with permission from Manila Bulletin. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at contentservices@htdigital.in

Load-Date: May 15, 2024


End of Document






Walmart faces misleading pricing lawsuit: shelves differ with final costs
CE Noticias Financieras English
July 4, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 376 words
Body


Walmart must face a lawsuit alleging that it often charges higher prices at the register than it posts on store shelves, costing consumers hundreds of millions of dollars a year.
Reversing a lower court judge's decision, the U.S. Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago said consumers could try to prove in their proposed class action lawsuit that the world's largest retailer's conduct was a fraudulent "bait-and-switch" that violated consumer protection laws in several states.
He also rejected Walmart's argument that providing receipts after purchases nullified any unfairness caused by inaccurate shelf prices.
Circuit Judge David Hamilton wrote for a three-judge panel that it was not "unreasonable or fanciful" for consumers to believe Walmart would charge the prices shown on the shelves.
Walmart, based in Bentonville, Arkansas, and its lawyers did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The named plaintiff, Yoram Kahn, is from the Cleveland area.
Consumer lawyers said they found price discrepancies in Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, New Jersey and New York, as well as North Carolina, even after a regulator fined Walmart in 2022 for price-scanning errors.
Lawyers said most of the discrepancies were small - one Walmart in New Jersey charged $3.64 for Crisco pure canola oil compared with a price of $3.12, while another charged $2.48 for Hershey's chocolate syrup compared with a price of $2.33 - but quickly accumulated.
Walmart to face lawsuit over misleading pricing in its stores 
Hamilton said consumers can't be expected to always keep an eye on the checkout counter, where they might be distracted by small children, tabloid headlines, pulling out their wallets or pocketing their merchandise.
Nor, he said, is it reasonable to force consumers to keep track of prices on the shelves, either from memory or by creating a register, as they shop.
"Who does that?" he wrote.
The appeals court remanded the case back to U.S. District Judge Sara Ellis in Chicago, who dismissed it in March 2023.
"We are pleased with the opinion and look forward to vindicating the rights of Walmart's customers," said Stanley Bernstein, an attorney for the plaintiffs.
The case is Kahn v. Walmart Inc, 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 23-1751.

Load-Date: July 5, 2024


End of Document






Walmart announces 10% first-quarter gain and raises its full-year forecast for 2024
CE Noticias Financieras English
May 16, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 355 words
Body


 Walmart ganancias 
Walmart Inc, a leading U.S. retailer, released its strong first-quarter results on Thursday before the stock market opened with a nearly 10% positive earnings result.
The announcement comes in a period marked by persistently high inflation and rising consumer interest rates across the United States.
Walmart first quarter earnings
In its latest quarterly financial statement, Walmart reported total revenues of $161.5 billion, up 6% from a year earlier. The company's operating income experienced a significant increase to $6.8 billion, up 9.6%.
Adjusted operating income also posted a strong 13.7% increase. E-commerce sales soared notably, with a 19% increase in international markets and an overall increase of 21%, driven by efficiencies in store pickups, deliveries and marketplace operations.
Worldwide, Walmart sales reached $29.8 billion, reflecting substantial growth of 10.7%.
Earnings per share came in at $0.63, with adjusted earnings per share of $0.60, beating analysts' previous forecasts of $156 billion in revenue and $0.52 earnings per share.
Despite the positive financial results, market sentiment towards Walmart shares remained somewhat conservative, down a slight 0.05% prior to the earnings announcement and down 0.39% throughout the week.
Earnings growth higher than the previous year
Comparing these results to the first quarter of 2024, today's numbers are significantly better. Last year, Walmart posted consolidated revenue of $152.3 billion, which was up 7.6%.
U.S. comparable sales were also up 7.4%, and e-commerce growth stood at 27%. International net sales were $26.6 billion, up 12%.
These results reflect Walmart's continued resilience and adaptability in difficult economic conditions, traits they consistently demonstrated, especially during the 2008 financial crisis. However, high-spending seasons tend to see declines in revenues as consumers adjust their spending.
This quarter's results make clear a critical trend: despite global economic pressures, retail giants like Walmart continue to explore avenues for profitable growth, particularly through their e-commerce divisions. 

Load-Date: May 17, 2024


End of Document






Walmart de México has a new Chairman of the Board of Directors
CE Noticias Financieras English
January 30, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 222 words
Body


Walmex approved the addition of Kathryn McLay as a director and chair of the board of directors upon the resignation of Judith McKenna, the company announced. Kathryn McLay is President and CEO of Walmart International where she leads a team of approximately 500,000 associates serving 80 million customers a week in countries around the world.
Kathryn McLay was named president and CEO of Walmart International in the fall of 2023. Prior to leading Walmart International, she was president and CEO of Sam's Club, a chain of member-only Price Clubs and division of Walmart Inc. that employs more than 100,000 associates in 600 clubs in the United States and Puerto Rico. Kathryn has held several leadership roles at Walmart since joining in 2015 as vice president of U.S. Finance and Strategy. Her first role was to drive the transformation of Walmart's U.S. business by overseeing a set of strategic, cross-functional initiatives called "Legacy." In 2016, she moved to Supply Chain, where she redesigned the way product moved from supplier to shelf, created an integrated end-to-end Walmart U.S. supply chain, and led import operations and reverse networks. In 2018, she was named executive vice president of Neighborhood Markets for the Walmart U.S. business, where she led nearly 700 of the small-format stores across the country. 

Load-Date: January 31, 2024


End of Document






Walmart supplier hiring over 1,000 PH factory workers
 
Philippines Daily Inquirer
May 15, 2024 Wednesday


Copyright 2024 Philippines Daily Inquirer All Rights Reserved


Length: 339 words
Body


 Garment firm Welively Inc. is looking to hire at least a thousand workers for its factories in the Philippines, expanding its workforce by almost 50 percent, according to a local trade association of apparel exporters.
Foreign Buyers Association of the Philippines (Fobap) president Robert Young said that the company, which supplies garment goods to American retail chain Walmart Inc., is hiring for its factories in Clark, Pampanga, Cabuyao, Laguna, and Batangas.
'They are expanding and orders are coming in due to the United States and China conflict. Walmart is getting away from China and shifting its orders to other countries,' Young said in a phone interview with the Inquirer.
Young, whose trade group is buyers and exporters of garment and textile products, said that the company currently has 2,000 local employees.
READ: Garment exporters await better 2024
The company also exports about $200 million to $300 million worth of garment products annually to the United States.
The Fobap official said this would hopefully offset job cuts at other local garment makers, citing the loss of thousands of jobs at Luenthai Philippines, which manufactures apparel and other wearables for well-known international brands such as Ralph Lauren, Dillard's, Adidas, Uniqlo, Victoria's Secret, Coach and Michael Kors.
Absorbing the displaced
'[Welively] will now have the chance to hire all the displaced workers for the plants in Clark and Cabuyao,' Young said.
Young hopes that this positive development will allay concerns from overseas buyers that the garment sector will soon disappear.
READ: Garment exporters call for construction of textile mills
He also appealed to the government to ensure that its incentives scheme, particularly the provision of tax holidays for registered exporting companies, would be made clear for both local and foreign investors.
The Fobap official said some of their members were experiencing unwarranted audits from the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR), noting that some interactions were 'bordering on extortion.'

Load-Date: May 16, 2024


End of Document






Claudia Sheinbaum met with the president and CEO of Walmart.
CE Noticias Financieras English
June 11, 2024 Tuesday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 429 words
Body


 Link to Image 
Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo, Mexico's virtual president-elect, held a meeting with Kathryn McLay, president and CEO of Walmart International.
On Monday, June 10, the former head of government also held a meeting with President Andrés Manuel López Obrador (AMLO), with whom she discussed the transition and the implementation and eventual approval of the legislative measures that are part of Plan C.
YOU MAY BE INTERESTED: Investors are concerned about the stance Sheinbaum will take on AMLO's reforms.
Through her social networks, Sheinbaum Pardo shared an image of the meeting and the following message: "I received a visit from Kathryn McLay, president and CEO of Walmart International, to learn about Walmart's investment program in Mexico and its different areas of scope."
At the meeting, Sheinbaum was accompanied by Ana María Lomelí and Altagracia Gómez.
WHO IS KATHRYN MCLAY, PRESIDENT AND CEO OF WALMART?
Kathryn McLay assumed leadership as president and CEO of Walmart International in the fall of 2023.
In this role, McLay leads a team of approximately 500,000 associates who serve 80 million customers per week in 18 different countries.
Prior to her current role, McLay was president and CEO of Sam's Club, the members-only shopping club and a division of Walmart Inc.
YOU MAY BE INTERESTED: From National Palace, Claudia Sheinbaum confirms she will go for reform to the Judiciary; she will present cabinet next week.
During his tenure, which lasted almost four years, Sam's Club experienced a 43% growth in revenue, reaching 84 billion dollars in fiscal year 2023, in addition to adding millions of new members. Under her leadership, the division employed more than 100,000 associates in 600 clubs in the United States and Puerto Rico.
Kathryn joined Walmart in 2015 as vice president of U.S. Finance and Strategy. Her first role at the company was to lead the transformation of Walmart's U.S. business through the oversight of a series of strategic and cross-functional initiatives called Legacy.
In 2016, she moved to Supply Chain, where she redesigned the way products moved from suppliers to shelves, created an integrated end-to-end supply chain for Walmart US, and led the operations of the import and reverse networks. In 2018, she was named executive vice president of Neighborhood Markets for the Walmart EU business, overseeing nearly 700 small-format stores across the country.
According to data from Walmart Mexico's website, this U.S. company generated a total of 193,902 jobs in 2021, of which 55% are women and 45% men.
With information from Merca 2.0

Load-Date: June 12, 2024


End of Document






Pioneering business window opens for Chilean producers: they could sell some US$ 50 million annually
CE Noticias Financieras English
May 17, 2024 Friday


Copyright 2024 Content Engine, LLC.
All Rights Reserved
Copyright 2024 CE Noticias Financieras All Rights Reserved
Length: 948 words
Body


After a massive call for applications throughout the country, a hundred small, medium and large companies were selected to attend the Walmart Chile Growth Summit, a pioneering event with which the company seeks to promote the growth of Chilean companies of all sizes, creating commercial and development opportunities through its different sales platforms in the country and the world.
Of the 100 finalists, 54 obtained a "Golden Ticket": the pass that gives them the possibility of becoming suppliers of the company. And, in the case of those who already were, to add an additional market.
With this, it is estimated that the producers, as a whole, could market some US$ 50 million annually between Chile and abroad.
The meeting, which was attended by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Alberto Van Klaveren, the general director of ProChile, Ignacio Fernández, and international executives of the company, gave 54 direct passes to the companies that meet or are close to meeting the requirements of buyers and consumers.
18 of them will be able to sell their products through its almost 400 stores throughout the country and/or in its e-commerce with coverage from Arica to Puerto Toro, in Cape Horn.
Another 36 will be able to export their products to the shelves of the 19 countries where the company is present.
"We celebrate this virtuous partnership between Walmart and ProChile, not only with traditional products but also with innovative and technological products. This materializes the reality of Chile as an exporting power," said Alberto Van Klaveren, Minister of Foreign Affairs. 
15 years
This is the first time that a Walmart Growth Summit is held in Chile, being the third of its markets to incorporate it. The initiative was born in the United States ten years ago. In 2023 it was held in India, a country that held its second edition this summer. Mexico held it a month ago, receiving 2,000 applications, of which 400 suppliers were selected.
In Chile, the event was attended by Jason Fremstad, Senior Vice President of Supplier Development at Walmart Sourcing; Darren Carithers, Senior Vice President of International Marketplace; and representatives of the Walmart Chile Executive Committee.
"We want to be a bridge between the protagonists of the country's economic development, entrepreneurs of all sizes and government entities. Initiatives such as Growth Summit allow us to dynamize the economy and contribute to Chile's development so that we can continue to grow," said Cristián Barrientos, CEO of Walmart Chile, a company that today is the third largest employer in the country, with close to 40 thousand employees.
"This 2024 we are celebrating our anniversary. Walmart celebrates 15 years since its arrival in the country. And this Growth Summit is a great way to celebrate it," added Barrientos.
US$ 600 billion: the market potential
To reach the Growth Summit, a team of 100 people carried out a rigorous selection process of the companies, evaluating their capacity to enter Walmart Chile's domestic network and to export their products through Walmart Inc. with a potential market of more than US$600 billion and 240 million customers globally.
"This initiative has a very special meaning because we are working hard to incorporate more and more small and medium-sized companies into international trade and Growth Summit shows that this is possible. At ProChile we will continue to support them with all our capacity," said Ignacio Fernández, director general of ProChile.
Growth Summit participants were given thirty minutes to present their businesses in front of Walmart's national and international teams. In addition, they attended learning and networking sessions with different areas of Walmart Chile, Global Sourcing and Walmart International Marketplace.  
Potencia Export: a new program for SMEs  
Walmart Chile has been working for years to support SMEs. Last year they baptized that initiative with the name Ruta del Emprendimiento (Entrepreneurship Route), which consists of three stages: Espacios Solidarios, Transfórmate and Potencia Pyme.
Chile's CEO, Cristián Barrientos, announced the launch of a fourth stage, now in conjunction with ProChile. This is the Potencia Pyme Export program, an alliance that will provide support to SMEs in building capacities to export their products, taking advantage of the experiences of both institutions in this area.
On the ProChile side, the regulatory requirements and benefits provided by the country's network of free trade agreements. Meanwhile, Walmart Chile will contribute, among other things, knowledge of the needs of the markets where the company is present and a robust network of entrepreneurs who train with them. The company announced that it plans to launch a first call for proposals in the last quarter of this year.  
Greetings from Bentonville 
Doug McMillon and Kathryne McLay, CEO of Walmart Inc. and CEO of Walmart International, didn't want to be absent. In a video sent from Bentonville, they were impressed by the results obtained in the call and pointed out that Chile is a key market in which they see a lot of growth potential.
"We are here to work with you to grow our companies together. This is our first Growth Summit in this country, where we bring together small, medium and large Chilean companies with our Walmart buyers to explore how we can do business," the executives said.
They also highlighted that the company has long-standing relationships with domestic suppliers that demonstrate the wealth of products that can be made in Chile.
"I know Chile well. I worked on the integration process with D&S," said the American, recalling the process of buying the multinational 15 years ago.

Load-Date: May 19, 2024


End of Document






Walmart Partners with Consumers Energy to Power 44 Michigan Locations with Clean Energy
RWE Resources News
April 11, 2024 Thursday


Copyright 2024 News Bites Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved


Length: 426 words
Body


Thursday - April 11: (RWE) - Consumers Energy and Walmart Inc. announced today they've reached an agreement for Consumers Energy to power 44 Walmart locations in Consumers Energy's service territory in Michigan with clean energy. The agreement is a milestone for the Consumers Energy's Renewable Energy Program, which now has similar commitments from over 30 large employers.
"Developing new renewable energy resources for our customers reflects Consumers Energy's commitment to Michigan's clean energy future and the collaboration it takes to bring them to fruition," said Lauren Snyder, Consumers Energy's Vice President of Customer Experience. "By diversifying the energy portfolio, we are making a meaningful impact in adding critical new clean energy capacity to the grid while fostering economic growth and job creation in renewable energy."
Walmart continues to accelerate its energy transformation strategy toward its goal to power all its operations with renewable energy.
"Walmart's energy transformation roadmap is designed to prioritize high-impact, high quality clean energy opportunities that help add new clean energy capacity to the grid and secure reliable and emissions-free power for our operations," said Stephen Chriss, Senior Director for Utility Partnerships at Walmart. "We look forward to collaborating  with Consumers Energy to add new clean energy capacity to Michigan's power grid."
Walmart is agreeing to match 90% of the energy they use across 44 Michigan locations with renewable energy from future projects that Consumers Energy will develop in Michigan.
In total, over 30 businesses that Consumers Energy serves have committed to nearly 600 megawatts of emission-free renewable energy supporting their sustainability goals. That's enough generation to power approximately 66,000 homes each year and equivalent to removing greenhouse gas emissions produced from over 120,000 cars on the road annually from the environment, according to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency calculations.
Other recent Michigan participants in the Renewable Energy Program include Calmic LLC, CIE Newcor MTG and Mayfair Plastics Inc.
Consumers Energy's Renewable Energy Program provides a local, cost-effective, flexible, turnkey solution for businesses to use solar and wind energy to achieve their sustainability goals and protect the planet for future generations. Their enrollment not only advances greening Michigan's grid, but also supports Michigan jobs created through building and operating renewable energy projects. Learn more by contacting . 

Load-Date: April 10, 2024


End of Document
